Jamie Vardy rescued a point for Leicester as the outgoing champions ended their campaign with a 1-1 draw at home to Bournemouth.

The England striker netted his 16th goal of the season as Leicester finished 12th after a turbulent year.

Junior Stanislas opened the scoring for Bournemouth after just 57 seconds but the Cherries could not hang on and needed Ryan Allsop to deny Vardy, who also had a goal disallowed for offside, a winner.

The draw sealed ninth place for Bournemouth -- the highest league position in their 118-year history.

Leicester's attention now turns to resolving the future of manager Craig Shakespeare, with talks expected this week over whether he will stay as boss beyond June.

Shakespeare signed a deal until the end of the season when he replaced Claudio Ranieri, who was sacked in February.

Owner Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha offered no hints over their plans, but Shakespeare will be heartened by Leicester's fightback after conceding so early.

He wanted a response following Thursday's 6-1 thumping by Tottenham but was left shell-shocked by Bournemouth's lightning start.

Lys Mousset turned Christian Fuchs inside out to burst into the area, and continued his run after Ryan Fraser was taken out by Danny Simpson.

The 21-year-old's shot then deflected into the path of Stanislas to tap in from 10 yards for his third goal in three games.

There was little in the way of instant response from Leicester, with Bournemouth content to keep the ball.

But the Cherries' dominance was not rewarded with another goal, although Dan Gosling's 25-yard drive drew a flying save from Kasper Schmeichel after 25 minutes.

Mousset fired at Schmeichel as Bournemouth continued to dominate, although Allsop was finally called into action when he saved Riyad Mahrez' effort nine minutes before half-time.

That woke subdued Leicester up and they almost grabbed a leveller five minutes before the break when Yohan Benalouane's shot deflected just wide and Islam Slimani nodded the resulting corner across goal.

Allsop then claimed the ball after it hit Gosling as Leicester finally got going and they made their growing momentum count six minutes after the break.

Vardy won the ball in midfield and laid it to Ben Chilwell, who crossed for Slimani to nod back for Vardy to bundle in at the far post.

The England man was then denied a second on the hour by the offside flag after stabbing in from close range as Leicester continued their improvement.

Gone was Bournemouth's cool and Vardy had come alive, with Allsop needing to get a firm hand on his low 66th-minute effort before turning a header over.

The Cherries had wilted in the second half and were left hanging on, and Slimani missed a glorious chance with five minutes left, heading a Mahrez free kick wide with the goal gaping.

Josh Harrop introduced himself to Old Trafford in some style as the debutant's stunning strike set the youngest Manchester United team in Premier League history on course for victory against Crystal Palace.

With Wednesday's make-or-break Europa League final against Ajax looming large, Jose Mourinho stuck to his word by resting numerous key players and handing four young prospects their full debut with sixth place already assured.

United's performance belied the starting line-up's tender average age of 22 years 284 days, with Harrop marking his first appearance with a superb effort that kicked off a surprisingly comfortable 2-0 win against Palace.

Paul Pogba superbly set up the 21-year-old's memorable 15th-minute strike and quickly added to it, firing home and pointing to the sky after missing the previous two games following his father's death.

Pogba and Jesse Lingard were withdrawn before half-time with an eye on the Europa League final, but captain Wayne Rooney played all but two minutes despite Mourinho strongly suggesting he would be rested.

On an afternoon that some suggested could be his final competitive United appearance at Old Trafford, the 31-year-old received a standing ovation as he was replaced by 16-year-old Angel Gomes - the first Premier League player to have been born in the 21st century.

There was precious little time for the England youth international to make a telling impact, but his appearance complemented promising full debuts by Joel Pereira, Scott McTominay, Demetri Mitchell and Harrop.

The quartet performed impressively on what could have been a long afternoon for much-changed United given Palace boss Sam Allardyce ignored Mourinho's plea to go "slow" with a strong line-up at Old Trafford.

Given the millions in prize money up for grabs that was little surprise, yet the way the hosts' callow side bossed much of the game did.

Youthful exuberance combined impressively with the more wily members of the starting line-up, epitomised by the fine raking pass by Mitchell that was met by Rooney and clipped just over.

Alexis Sanchez helped 10-man Arsenal to a 3-1 win over Everton but Arsene Wenger's side missed out on Champions League qualification.

Arsenal needed to win on the final day and hope their rivals slipped up, and goals from Hector Bellerin, Sanchez and Aaron Ramsey ensured they held up their side of the bargain despite Laurent Koscielny's early red card. Romelu Lukaku had made it 2-1 by scoring from the penalty spot.

But Liverpool beat Middlesbrough and Manchester City trounced Watford, meaning Wenger's men finished fifth and failed to earn a place among Europe's elite, ending a run of 20 consecutive top-four placings.

Arsenal's misery was compounded by the sight of Sanchez limping off in the second half and Gabriel being carried on a stretcher. Both could now miss next weekend's FA Cup final against Chelsea, along with the suspended Koscielny, who was sent off in the 14th minute for a lunge on Enner Valencia.

The rewards from both the Premier League and Europa League mean the financial hit of missing out on the Champions League is less damaging than it once was -- but it remains to be seen how it sits with Arsenal's players, Sanchez and Mesut Ozil in particular.

Manchester City secured third spot in the Premier League as Walter Mazzarri's Watford farewell ended in a 5-0 home humiliation.

Sergio Aguero scored twice while Vincent Kompany, Fernandinho and Gabriel Jesus chipped in as City finished the season in style.

Yet any hint of final-day jeopardy surrounding the fixture -- City still needed a point to be certain of qualifying for the Champions League -- evaporated when they saw Watford's team sheet.

Hornets manager Mazzarri, having earlier in the week been told he would be out of a job after the game, appeared to have gone rogue with his final line-up.

Deprived of six centre-halves through injury, the Italian fielded two full-backs and midfielder Valon Behrami in the most makeshift of back-threes.

Yet even more bizarre was the sight of two goalkeepers named on the bench.

However, having three goalkeepers on the field would probably not have saved Watford from a mauling.

A horrid defensive mix-up and sliced clearance by Heurelho Gomes ended with Jose Holebas clearing a Jesus header off the line after just 50 seconds.

And within five minutes City were ahead when no one thought to mark Kompany from Kevin De Bruyne's corner and the City captain thumped a header past Gomes.

Aguero missed two presentable chances to double the lead but the second did arrive, in comical fashion, in the 23rd minute.

When Abdoulaye Doucoure slipped as the ball rolled past him in the centre circle, De Bruyne was able to stroll up the field unchallenged.

He slid the ball between Watford's so-called defence to Aguero, who had the simple task of tucking it past the exposed Gomes.

Aguero brought up 20 Premier League goals for the season 13 minutes later, when David Silva fed Leroy Sane who crossed for the Argentinian to help himself again.

To add to Watford's misery one of their few remaining defenders, Daryl Janmaat, was injured in the build-up meaning a debut for youngster Andrew Eleftheriou.

The teenager fitted into the chaos seamlessly, though, as Fernandinho waltzed through a succession of misplaced tackles to make it four before half-time.

The high farce continued after the break when Mazzarri received a lecture from referee Jon Moss, and Watford's fans began to call for him to be sent to the stands.

His team did show a bit of fight in the second half, though, with Stefano Okaka forcing a fine save from Willy Caballero with a fierce drive.

But normal service was resumed on the hour when Jesus stole in ahead of Tom Cleverley to hook Aguero's cross over Gomes.

Watford skipper Troy Deeney was left out of the starting line-up despite the injury crisis -- again suggesting all was not well between him and Mazzarri.

The striker left the dressing room to warm-up alone at half-time and was sent on with his team 5-0 down, to the biggest cheer of the day from the home fans.

It was an acrimonious end to Mazzarri's year in charge but a satisfying finale -- albeit not a particularly taxing one - for Pep Guardiola and City.

Liverpool secured a return to the Champions League after overcoming some early nerves in their final-day decider to beat already-relegated Middlesbrough 3-0.

The pressure was mounting on Jurgen Klopp's side with Manchester City and Arsenal winning until Georginio Wijnaldum struck in first-half stoppage time to ease the tension.

However, it was not until Philippe Coutinho and Adam Lallana scored in the opening nine minutes of the second half that Anfield really relaxed and the team rediscovered some of their early-season flowing football as they picked holes in a team which had abandoned all of their early discipline.

Liverpool have endured some devastating crunch-moment days under Klopp, having lost the League Cup and Europa League finals last season, but on this occasion the expectancy was even greater against a side who had lost the last four encounters on this ground.

Considering what was at stake nerves were understandable but they could have been eased as early as the sixth minute had Nathaniel Clyne not dragged his shot wide.

What followed was a succession of shots from the likes of Coutinho, Roberto Firmino, Emre Can and Daniel Sturridge which were either off target or charged down.

Goalkeeper Brad Guzan had by far the most touches of any Middlesbrough player but most of them ended with him launching the ball upfield as the visitors conceded 74 per cent possession in the first half.

Southampton suffered a 1-0 home defeat to Stoke in what may prove Claude Puel's final game as manager.

Their club's hierarchy had revealed plans to review his position at the season's end, offering him minimal support, and after their latest defeat and inability to score for a fifth straight game at home, may act despite finishing eighth in the Premier League.

Increasing hostility from the club's supporters will also add further pressure on the Frenchman's position, whose team lost after a second-half header from Peter Crouch that took Stoke to 13th.

Concerns either team, with little to play for beyond the additional B£1.9million bonus awarded for each place in the league table, would have little desire to exert themselves receded from the opening minute when Stoke threatened.

From space on the left wing, Erik Pieters aimed a cross towards Crouch that missed the forward but fell at the far post to Mame Biram Diouf, who struck powerfully at the near post where Fraser Forster dived to tip wide.

A lull may have followed but even if neither team's creativity convinced, they both made errors that led to promising chances.

In the 27th minute Cedric Soares, under little pressure, played a back pass into space that almost sent Crouch through on Forster, only for his lack of pace to allow Maya Yoshida to recover and stretch to challenge and deflect over the crossbar.

Southampton had also threatened through Ryan Bertrand and Charlie Austin, and Stoke when Xherdan Shaqiri stabbed over from the edge of the area, while on the stroke of half-time when Soares leaped to clear Diouf's header off the line.

The hosts had not scored at St Mary's during their past four home fixtures, but that run almost ended when Jack Butland needlessly conceded possession. The goalkeeper, making only his fifth appearance of the season, came out of his area to collect the ball but a heavy touch ensured it ran clear, from where Nathan Redmond collected, and despite little time and space with his back to goal from 40 yards he impressively turned and chipped against the crossbar.

Austin had rightly had a second-half strike ruled out for offside when, in the 60th minute, Stoke took the lead. From space on the right wing, Geoff Cameron crossed towards Crouch and, with ease amid a challenge from the small Cedric, as he once did so often for the home team, the forward routinely headed into the back of the net.

Puel responded by substituting Austin and Tadic for Manolo Gabbiadini and club-record signing Sofiane Boufal, but as he did so he was subjected to chants of "You don't know what you're doing" by Southampton's supporters.

They twice came close to an equalising goal, first in the 73rd minute, when after Bruno Martins Indi had cleared Bertrand's cross, Butland produced a double-reaction save to deny first Steven Davis and then James Ward-Prowse from close range.

In the 80th, Gabbiadini was sent one-on-one with Butland after Davis' pass, but the goalkeeper impressively remained composed to save and then denied both Boufal and again Gabbiadini shortly afterwards.

At the final whistle Southampton's dissatisfied supporters again booed at the outcome, as loudly as they have done all season. Puel, and the club's board, likely share their feelings.

Chelsea celebrated lifting the Premier League trophy with a record 30th win as relegated Sunderland were dispatched with ease at Stamford Bridge.

Javier Manquillo gave Sunderland a shock third-minute lead, but Chelsea responded as Willian, Eden Hazard, Pedro and Michy Batshuayi, with a late double, earned a 5-1 victory.

The result ensured the Blues became the first side in a 38-game season to win 30 games.

And Antonio Conte will seek to end his first season as head coach with a double with victory in next Saturday's FA Cup final with Arsenal.

They came in celebration: to applaud the champions, to bid farewell to their "captain, leader, legend" and to laud the man who had masterminded the rejuvenation.

Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich joined in as Conte was praised for presiding over the restoration of a team which finished 10th last season in defence of the title.

Conte handled captain John Terry's abdication respectfully.

Terry handed over the captain's armband to Gary Cahill after a guard of honour which marked his first-half substitution and final Stamford Bridge appearance for Chelsea.

Harry Kane capped another prolific season with a second hat trick in four days to secure the Golden Boot for asecond successive season as Tottenham demolished relegated Hull 7-1.

The England striker fired four in Tottenham's 6-1 thrashing of Leicester on Thursday to overtake Everton's Romelu Lukaku in the Premier League scoring charts, and three more at Hull took his tally for the season to 29 as the home side were torn apart.

Kane scored twice in the first half and completed his treble midway through the second period, with Mauricio Pochettino's side celebrating their best top-flight finish since 1963 in style.

Two goals from Kane in the opening 13 minutes swept Tottenham in front and Dele Alli put the game to bed on the stroke of half-time.

Although Sam Clucas pulled one back for Hull midway through the second period, Victor Wanyama, Kane, a Ben Davies thunderbolt and Toby Alderweireld's effort turned the final game of the season into a rout.

It was a sad end to the season for Hull and their popular head coach Marco Silva, whose players were no match for the free-flowing Londoners.

Tottenham settled into an early rhythm and soon began to stretch Hull, meaning it was imperative that the home side did not give possession away cheaply.

But that is exactly what they did in the 11th minute when Josh Tymon's pass was intercepted by Christian Eriksen and he fed Kane, who took one step and crashed a low left-footed shot into the bottom corner.

Hull goalkeeper David Marshall, making his first league start under Silva, appeared flat-footed and the Scot was picking the ball out of his net again two minutes later.

Tottenham swept forward, Eric Dier's neat crossfield pass picked out Kieran Trippier on the right and his measured ball in was turned home by Kane for his 28th Premier League goal of the season.

The England striker almost added his 29th moments later as a shell-shocked Hull were cut to ribbons, but fired off target from inside the area after Alli's clever backheel had fallen to him.

Hull recovered their composure to a degree before the break, but Marshall saved well from Heung-Min Son's snap-shot following a Davies assist and then held on to Dier's header from a corner.

Marshall denied Son with his feet early in the second half and Alli with his fingertips after the midfielder had attempted to flip the ball over his head.

But in between the Tigers displayed enough spirit to lift their fans. Oumar Niasse twice rifled shots just off target and Kamil Grosicki's low effort was saved by Lloris.

Then, in the 66th minute, Silva's side pulled one back. Grosicki raced into the box to tee up Niasse and, when his shot was blocked, the on-loan Everton striker backheeled to Clucas, who buried alow shot.

But Tottenham regained their three-goal advantage three minutes later. Marshall had saved brilliantly to keep out Eriksen, but was helpless when Wanyama headed home the Dane's deep cross.

Kane then showed admirable composure to finish low into the bottom corner from inside the area after being played in by Alli.

Substitute Vincent Janssen forced another excellent save from Marshall, but Davies slammed home Tottenham's sixth from outside the area in the 84th minute and Alderweireld turned home a Trippier cross three minutes later.

Fernando Llorente crowned Swansea's fine finish to the Premier League season as his late strike overcame West Bromwich Albion.

Llorente's 15th goal of the season -- 11 of them at the Liberty Stadium -- saw Swansea complete a second-half recovery after Jonny Evans had headed West Brom into a 33rd-minute lead.

Jordan Ayew equalised with his first Swansea goal before Llorente swept home substitute Luciano Narsingh's cross four minutes from time.

It was a goal worth two Premier League places, as Swansea capitalised on defeats for Burnley and Watford to rise to 15th in the final table and earn an extra £4 million in prize money.

West Brom have tailed off badly since reaching the 40-point mark and end the season in 10th.

Swansea's players had spent the first part of the week celebrating Premier League survival in Ibiza.

Paul Clement had given his players permission for a two-day break after they took 26 points from 18 games since his January appointment, but the trip did not appear to agree with them as the visitors were the sharper of the two sides from kick-off.

Salomon Rondon might have had a hat-trick inside the opening 20 minutes had he brought his shooting boots to south Wales.

Instead, keeper Kristoffer Nordfeldt, making his first league appearance since the final day of last season with Lukasz Fabianski given the day off, simply had to field soft finishes.

Swansea looked to talisman Gylfi Sigurdsson for inspiration and the Iceland playmaker returned Leroy Fer's pass into the path of the Dutchman.

But Fer lashed his angled drive wide and West Brom's Ben Foster did not have a first-half save to make, with his goal only briefly threatened when Kyle Naughton sent a rising shot over the crossbar.

By then, West Brom were in front as the unattended Evans met Darren Fletcher's far-post corner.

Clement had spoken before kick-off of his pride that Swansea had not conceded a goal from a set-piece under his management, the only team to achieve that since the turn of the year.

But West Brom are the masters of the set-piece and, with Nordfeldt nowhere as the ball was swung over, Evans headed into an unguarded net.

The Baggies should have doubled their lead four minutes after the restart when referee Mike Dean waved play on after Fernandez fell to the ground with Rondon at his back.

Rondon raced on in to the area but dithered and Leon Britton chased back to block.

Fernandez was shaking his head again moments later, this time in the West Brom penalty area after Fer flicked on Sigurdsson's corner to leave the goal at his mercy.

Somehow, Fernandez guided wide as he failed to end his 14-month wait for a goal.

But Swansea were level after 72 minutes when Sigurdsson floated a free-kick to the far post and Llorente nodded down for Ayew to finish in front of goal.

Ayew came close to another when he drove into the side netting, but victory was at hand when Spain striker Llorente showed he is as lethal with his right foot as he is with his head.

Andre Ayew headed a second-half winner as West Ham snatched a 2-1 victory at Turf Moor.

Already assured of Premier League survival and their highest finish since 1975, the Clarets were in the mood to celebrate and Sam Vokes enlivened the atmosphere by putting them ahead.

But Sofiane Feghouli responded with a quick leveller and, after Sean Dyche's men wasted several chances to regain the lead, Ayew punished them by pouncing on a rebound after 72 minutes.

It made for a slightly disappointing end to the season for Burnley, who had claimed 10 of their 11 wins at home, but the appreciation of their fans for a fine effort was not diminished.

Enthusiasm got the better of a number of supporters as they ran on to the pitch at the final whistle, delaying the team's planned lap of appreciation, but the area was cleared by stewards.

Burnley can look ahead to next season in good heart while West Ham, despite the result, must take stock after a campaign in which they have slipped back.

Burnley started well and almost grabbed the lead in the first minute after James Collins misjudged a bouncing ball, but Andre Gray snatched at his chance.

West Ham also threatened in a lively start to the game, but Tom Heaton was equal to the impressive Feghouli's well-struck shot.

Burnley pressed again but Vokes failed to make a clean connection after being picked out by Robbie Brady and James Tarkowski headed over from a corner.

Their reward came in the 23rd minute when Gray whipped in a low cross and Vokes made no mistake from close range.

The lead lasted just four minutes, however, as West Ham responded with a neat move which saw Ayew flick the ball into the path of Feghouli, who drilled a low shot past Heaton.

Feghouli might have had another soon after but blasted over, while Gray backheeled narrowly wide from Brady's cross.

Vokes glanced a header wide early in the second half before Hendrick sent a free-kick well over and Ashley Westwood miscued a volley.

The Clarets were made to pay for failing to make the most of their dominance as the visitors grabbed the lead 18 minutes from time.

Heaton did his best to repel danger as he palmed away a fierce shot from Edimilson Fernandes but the ball looped upwards, hit the bar and bounced kindly for Ayew to head home.

Celebrations in the away end got a little out of hand as a flare was thrown on to the pitch, delaying the restart.

The intensity was lost after that as the game, and the season, came to a gentle conclusion.

Arsenal turned up the heat on Liverpool in the race for Champions League football as an Olivier Giroud brace helped them to a 4-1 win at Stoke.

At a ground where they had only won once on eight previous Premier League visits, the Gunners grabbed the lead three minutes prior to the break through Giroud's close-range strike, with Mesut Ozil then extending their advantage in the 55th minute with a neat finish.

Stoke hit back with a controversial 67th-minute goal from substitute Peter Crouch, before efforts from Alexis Sanchez in the 76th minute and Giroud 10 minutes from time wrapped up a victory that sees the gap between Arsene Wenger's fifth-placed men and fourth-placed Liverpool reduced to a point.

Both sides have two games left, and Arsenal will be watching with great interest when Liverpool play at West Ham on Sunday, hoping their fellow Londoners can do them a favour. Manchester City, also with two matches to go, are three points clear of Wenger's team in third.

There have been various protests of late from Arsenal fans calling for the manager to leave, and early on in this game a plane flew over the ground with a banner on display that read "WENGER -- OUT MEANS OUT!!"

Wenger's future remains uncertain, with the Frenchman still yet to announce whether he intends to stay on at the club beyond the current season.

But none of that seems to be distracting his team at the moment, with this representing a third win inside a week and fifth in six league games for a side who also have an FA Cup final against Chelsea to look forward to.

Josh King's late winner ensured Bournemouth will finish the season with their highest-ever points tally in the top flight after a dramatic 2-1 victory over Burnley.

Sam Vokes' 83rd-minute equaliser looked to have mathematically secured the Clarets' Premier League status but King fired home two minutes later as the Cherries claimed victory in their final home game of the season. Junior Stanislas had given Bournemouth the lead with his first-half effort.

The result sees Bournemouth climb up into 10th after reaching a record 45 points, while Burnley stay 14th and await Hull's result at Crystal Palace on Sunday, that could confirm their fate.

Both sides remained unchanged from last weekend's round of Premier League fixtures, with the previously ever-present Michael Keane missing a second consecutive game due to a knock as rumours of a summer move away from Turf Moor intensify.

The Clarets knew before the game that one point would mathematically secure top-flight safety.

Prior to kick-off there had been at least two goals in 12 of the last 13 league games at the Vitality Stadium and the hosts went on the front foot from the off.

After a patient passage of play, Cherries captain Simon Francis was in acres of space outside the area but the defender's effort from 20 yards out skied way over the bar and the stand.

Burnley were aiming to win their second win on the road this season, following their 1-0 victory at Crystal Palace, but their defence was breached with the first shot on target after 25 minutes.

Stanislas controlled Lewis Cook's long ball on his chest before the forward showed composure and pace to shrug off Stephen Ward and calmly slot past Tom Heaton.

Conceding seemed to wake Burnley up after a subdued start to the game and they came close to finding an equaliser.

A slick interchange of passing saw the ball fall to Scott Arfield, who found space on the edge of the box but could only fire his left-footed effort wide of Artur Boruc's post.

Another chance fell to Arfield before break as Ashley Barnes' deflected shot somehow found the midfielder in behind Bournemouth's defence.

Boruc, however, had other ideas and the Polish stopper sprinted off his line to gather the loose ball.

Eddie Howe's men started the second half brightly as Lys Mousset failed to get firm contact on the ball following Marc Pugh's cross.

Burnley went up the other end and went agonisingly close to drawing level with Arfield's long-range strike, beating Boruc but going inches past a post.

Mousset's header almost doubled Bournemouth's advantage but would be the Frenchman's last involvement in the game as he limped off with an injury to be replaced by Ryan Fraser.

The tireless King was next to try his luck and he could only find the side netting from a tight angle after out-muscling Kevin Long on the left-hand side.

And Bournemouth were punished for their missed chances when former Cherries striker Vokes climbed highest to head home Johann Berg Gudmunsson's cross with seven minutes to go.

Burnley fans thought that was the goal to rubber-stamp Premier League safety, but King had the final say moments later.

Substitute Fraser's low cross found the Norway international inside the box, where he struck past Heaton to score his 16th goal of the season, clinching all three points.

Chelsea secured the Premier League title for the second time in three seasons when substitute Michy Batshuayi scored late to supply a 1-0 win at West Brom on Friday night.

West Brom had frustrated Chelsea for 82 minutes before Batshuayi forced the ball over the line with a sliding shot to give Chelsea an insurmountable 10-point lead over Tottenham atop the table.

Chelsea needed only three points from their final three games to clinch the championship, but manager Antonio Conte wanted to secure the trophy at the earliest opportunity, and Batshuayi was an unlikely hero at The Hawthorns.

Batshuayi was not even among the substitutes in Chelsea's last game Monday and is still waiting to make a Premier League start.

The Belgium striker, a £33 million signing from Marseille last summer, made his 18th league appearance off the bench and finally showed his poacher's instinct seven minutes later with his second league goal to send Chelsea and Conte delirious.

After West Brom's Salomon Rondon forced Chelsea keeper Thibaut Courtois to tip over his bar in the opening seconds, the game settled down into a sluggish first half.

Chelsea had 71 percent possession before the break and took 14 shots, but they managed to put only a single attempt on goal -- a Cesar Azpilicueta shot from distance.

The nearest the visitors came to taking the lead in the first half came in the 32nd minute, when Cesc Fabregas flashed a shot inches wide of the post.

Chelsea came out of the dressing room with renewed intent, and Victor Moses promptly forced West Brom keeper Ben Foster to make a diving save to preserve the deadlock.

Fabregas again tried his luck from distance in the 51st minute, only to see it slice away from the target at the last moment.

Hull have been relegated from the Premier League after a 4-0 defeat away to Crystal Palace.

They struggled to recover from gifting Wilfried Zaha a third-minute goal, and will return to the Championship next season after this defeat left them four points from safety with only one fixture to play.

Palace had needed only a draw to preserve their Premier League status but effectively secured victory with Christian Benteke's 17th goal of a largely difficult season. Luka Milivojevic and Patrick van Aanholt added further finishes, while the result also secured Swansea's Premier League status.

Palace manager Sam Allardyce had spoken during the week of the need for his team to handle the pressure of the occasion and of how the opening goal would be key. He also recognised the potential for the Selhurst Park crowd to grow nervous, but if either team had displayed a lack of composure, it was Hull.

Scarcely two minutes had passed when the erratic Italian defender Andrea Ranocchia's missed kick allowed Zaha directly through on goal, and from there the winger calmly finished beneath goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic.

As with Swansea's 2-0 victory at Sunderland on Saturday, it already appeared that by taking the lead the hardest part was done, and after a quiet period of play the home side added a second in the 34th minute.

Riyad Mahrez's penalty slip ensured Manchester City did not take a tumble of their own in the Champions League race, moving third with a 2-1 win over Leicester at the Etihad Stadium.

On the fifth anniversary of their first Premier League title win their 2012 hero Sergio Aguero was restricted to a late cameo but a penalty from his heir apparent, Gabriel Jesus, and David Silva's opener left City with the points.

Shinji Okazaki gave the Foxes hope with a stunning volley before half-time but when Mahrez had the chance to level from the spot 13 minutes from time, he lost his footing and touched the ball into his standing leg.

The effort somehow still ended up in the top corner but referee Robert Madley spotted the infringement and chalked off what would have been a fitting reward for Leicester's unexpected comeback.

Instead City finally put away their bogey side, who have taken seven points from the the last three games between these sides, including December's 4-2 thrashing at the King Power Stadium.

City hogged possession from the first whistle but the best early chances came from corners at either end, Fernandinho and Wilfred Ndidi both misplacing headers from good positions.

Leroy Sane was next to spurn a clear sight of goal, dragging wide from six yards after Ndidi's poor clearance. That was virtually the on blemish on the German's first-half display, as he menaced Danny Simpson with a kinetic performance on the left wing.

Sane was a fitting creator for City's 29th-minute opener, though his fine take down and cross would not have been possible without a wonderful cross-field ball from Fernandinho.

Philippe Coutinho kept Liverpool's Champions League challenge in their own hands by destroying West Ham at the London Stadium.

The Brazilian master provided a moment of magic to set up Daniel Sturridge for the first-half opener, and then scored two sensational solo goals after the break.

Divock Origi put the seal on a 4-0 victory as the Reds emphatically ensured a win over relegated Middlesbrough on the final day will take them back to Europe's elite next season.

Liverpool travelled to the capital knowing any slip-up could let Arsenal take the initiative in the race for a top-four finish, and faced a West Ham team who had dashed Tottenham's lofty ambitions just nine days earlier.

But they need not have worried, and were inches from taking an early lead when Joel Matip met Coutinho's corner with a downward header which bounced back up and clipped the crossbar.

West Ham did have their chances to open the scoring, with Sam Byram firing across goal and wide and Edimilson Fernandes shooting too close to Simon Mignolet.

But the breakthrough arrived in the 35th minute when Coutinho's exquisite through-ball, from inside his own half, exposed a gap the size of the nearby Blackwall Tunnel in West Ham's defence.

With Jose Fonte playing him onside, Sturridge was able to race towards goal before rounding Adrian and tucking in his first goal since January.

Tottenham bid a victorious farewell to White Hart Lane after 118 years as Mauricio Pochettino's side outmanoeuvred Manchester United.

Soon the ground opened in 1899 will be fully engulfed by the structure next door, with impressive progress on Spurs' stunning new home set to accelerate after this 2,533rd and final match.

The stadium points to a future as bright as life looks on the field, with Victor Wanyama and Harry Kane goals securing a 2-1 win against United as Tottenham ended their final campaign at White Hart Lane unbeaten on home turf for the first time since 1964-65.

A record-equalling 14th successive home league victory only underlines the club's progress and promise.

Chelsea may have wrapped up the Premier League title on Friday but nobody was going to spoil the party as second place was rubber stamped against a United side for whom a top-four finish is now officially out of reach.

The Europa League has been Jose Mourinho's priority for several weeks now, but the manner of his side's display, particularly in the first half, will stick in the craw.

Behind after six minutes thanks to Wanyama's powerful header, it would have been worse was it not for David De Gea.

Kane also clipped the crossbar before bringing timely end to his wait for a goal against United, with the fans' favourite directing home a free kick from the ever-impressive Christian Eriksen.

Wayne Rooney pulled one back for the visitors -- the last goal at White Hart Lane -- but could not take the gloss of a victorious end to life at the Lane.

Played out in front of Spurs greats and their adoring support, there could have scarcely been a better start.

As if it was not atmospheric enough inside the rickety old ground, the noise level ratcheted up several notches as much-changed United's meek defending was punished inside six minutes.

Southampton emerged victorious from a lifeless clash at relegated Middlesbrough, where disillusioned fans made their anger clear as the Riverside bid a meek farewell to Premier League football.

Boro's return to the Championship was confirmed by Monday's defeat at champions Chelsea and their final top-flight home match brought precious little relief.

Under-fire Claude Puel's much-changed Southampton side secured a 2-1 win on Teesside, where the home faithful resorted to gallows humour to underline their anger at their side's latest underwhelming display.

Boro's much-loved chairman Steve Gibson faces a big decision on whether to retain Steve Agnew as head coach after failing to spark a late-season revival following the March departure of Aitor Karanka.

The Spaniard's name was chanted by Boro fans after Southampton substitute Nathan Redmond scored a goal just as impressive as Jay Rodriguez's first-half effort.

The visitors' second led things to unravel off the field, with goalkeeping coach Leo Percovich gesticulating wildly in the technical area before Boro fans urged Anthony Taylor to send off their own goalkeeper Brad Guzan after giving away a penalty.

That plea was ignored and instead the home faithful cheered wildly as Shane Long blazed over the spot-kick - celebrations matched when Patrick Bamford scored his first goal in 760 days.

It was a consolation goal in a match that underlined the issues faced at the Riverside Stadium.

The first half was without rhythm, excitement or clear-cut opportunities - little surprise given how little this match meant to either side.

It took 23 minutes for Ryan Bertrand to get away the first noteworthy shot. In keeping with the start, it was poor.

Kyle Naughton's first goal in more than six years helped Swansea to the brink of Premier League safety as relegated Sunderland capitulated horribly.

Naughton's piledriver in first-half injury time coupled with Fernando Llorente's early header eased the Welsh club to a 2-0 victory and four points clear of Hull with a better goal difference.

And Paul Clement's men will stay up if the Tigers lose at Crystal Palace on Sunday.

They have taken 10 points from the last 12 available just when they needed it most, in stark contrast to the Black Cats, whose win at the KCOM Stadium last weekend proved to be yet another false dawn, and manager David Moyes was subjected to sustained calls for his head with owner Ellis Short watching from the stands.

On a day when five-year-old Bradley Lowery and his fight against rare cancer neuroblastoma took centre-stage at the Stadium of Light, a banner reading ``There's only one Bradley Lowery'' was unfurled in the South Stand as the clock ticked past the five-minute mark and a plane carrying the message ``United by cancer, divided by leagues'' which had been arranged by some Newcastle fans - much to the distaste of many others - flew overhead.

On the pitch, it was Swansea, backed by a travelling support of around 3,000 whose tickets had been paid for by the players, who arrived with everything to play for and they had the game won by half-time.

The Black Cats could not even raise a whimper as they fell behind with just nine minute gone when goalkeeper Jordan Pickford uncharacteristically misjudged Gylfi Sigurdsson's free-kick and Llorente squeezed between John O'Shea and Jason Denayer to head home.

Moyes has predicted a summer of upheaval on Wearside, with leading scorer Jermain Defoe almost certain to go courtesy of a release clause in his contract, Pickford attracting interest from elsewhere and a series of out-of-contract players and loanees preparing to pack their bags. And some of them appeared to have done so already.

Their response was tepid to say the least and 35 minutes had lapsed by the time Defoe ran on to Billy Jones' knock-down and stabbed a shot towards goal, which Swans keeper Lukasz Fabianski managed to block and then smuggle away.

But they succumbed once again deep into first-half stoppage time when, after Jordan Ayew had tormented the home defence on the left, Leon Britton and Ki Sung-yueng switched possession to the right for full-back Naughton to smash a rising right-foot shot across the helpless Pickford.

Having left the field to boos at the interval, the Sunderland players returned to resigned indifference.

Sebastian Larsson was furious not to be awarded a penalty when his free-kick appeared to strike Sigurdsson's arm and was booked for his prolonged protests, and Fabio Borini saw a 64th-minute strike deflected into the side-netting by Alfie Mawson.

Billy Jones fired wide from close range after Fabianski had parried substitute Wahbi Khazri's 69th-minute free-kick and the keeper made a fine double-save to deny Khazri and Defoe as time ran down, but that was as good as it got.

The clock may be ticking for Ross Barkley at Everton but the midfielder's timely intervention ensured a winning end to their season at Goodison Park as Watford were beaten 1-0.

Manager Ronald Koeman has warned the 23-year-old he has until next weekend to tell the club whether he will be signing the contract extension on offer or be sold in the summer.

Whether the situation at his boyhood club is weighing heavy only the player himself can say, but after a nondescript 56 minutes he produced an impressive winner from distance -- his fifth Premier League goal of the season, ending a 12-match drought.

If that is Goodison's final memory of Barkley in a blue shirt it will be a fitting one but there would no doubt be greater feelings of loss that one of their most promising academy graduates failed to realise his full potential at his spiritual home.

While there remains another week of speculation about Barkley's future there was also uncertainty over whether the famous old ground has also seen the last of striker Romelu Lukaku.

The Premier League's top scorer has two years left on his contract but has told the club he will not sign the extension on offer and he has already been linked with a host of clubs.

His display against a doughty Watford side playing for the point which would mathematically guarantee top-flight safety may have posed a few more questions for those suitors but they are unlikely to be deterred from making a bid in the summer.

Manchester City strengthened their hopes of a top-four Premier League finish and moved up to third in the table thanks to a 5-0 victory over Crystal Palace at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday.

David Silva, Vincent Kompany, Kevin De Bruyne, Raheem Sterling and Nicolas Otamendi scored the goals to secure City a win that leaves them four points clear of fifth-placed Manchester United and ahead of fourth-placed Liverpool on goal difference.

City needed just two minutes to open the scoring, with Silva capitalising on a poor Martin Kelly header following Sterling's cross, volleying home into the bottom corner for his 50th goal for the club.

While the hosts continued to dominate, their next real clear-cut chance did not arrive until just after the half-hour mark when Leroy Sane had a strike from the edge of the box palmed away by Wayne Hennessey before Sterling then saw his effort cleared off the line by Patrick van Aanholt.

But City were soon at it again when Sane was denied by Hennessey once more after being played in by De Bruyne, before Palace then created their first chance of the game moments later, with Christian Benteke getting on the end of an Andros Townsend cross only to be denied by a save from Willy Caballero.

Swansea moved out of the Premier League relegation zone as Fernando Llorente's first-half header gave them a precious 1-0 victory over Everton.

Llorente's 13th goal of the season saw Swansea leapfrog Hull into 17th place, the Tigers punished for their earlier home defeat to already relegated Sunderland.

Swansea are now one point above Hull and firmly in charge of their own destiny with two games of the season remaining.

Everton might have had little to play for as they have already qualified for the Europa League but Swansea had to defend for their lives at times, especially in the closing stages as Paul Clement's side clung on.

The mood at the Liberty Stadium had been lifted by kick-off as news of Hull's shock defeat filtered down to south Wales.

But it was Everton who created the first opening inside 45 seconds as Romelu Lukaku headed straight at Lukasz Fabianski.

It was tight and tense with so much at stake for Swansea, the midfield was packed full of bodies and chances were at a premium.

Everton shaded possession but did little with it, and Lukaku was admonished by his captain Phil Jagielka on one occasion for losing the ball carelessly.

Swansea were too hurried in the final third but demanded a penalty when Gylfi Sigurdsson tumbled in the area.

They might have been left to stew on referee Martin Atkinson's refusal to point to the spot, but Swansea were ahead inside 60 seconds when the hard-running Jordan Ayew worked some space on the left.

Arsenal kept their slim hopes of a top-four finish alive with a comfortable 2-0 win over a much-changed Manchester United side at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday in a first league win for Arsene Wenger over Jose Mourinho.

The game began at pace and United -- who suffered their first league defeat since October -- were first to show when, only two minutes in, Juan Mata crossed and Wayne Rooney drifted away from his marker but steered a header over.

Within three minutes, Kieran Gibbs got down the left for the hosts and Welbeck's attempt to control saw the ball fall to Sanchez, who got past a defender and had his effort stopped by David De Gea.

Back came United, and Rooney slid a ball through to Anthony Martial, whose strike was turned behind by Petr Cech -- and before 10 minutes had been played there was another opening as Aaron Ramsey shot low and De Gea made an outstanding save.

As the quarter of an hour mark approached, Danny Welbeck almost got through for Arsenal but was denied by Ander Herrera after he had drifted away from Phil Jones and cut into the area.

But United were beginning to enjoy more of the possession and, with 21 minutes gone, a deep Mata free kick to the far post was headed on by Henrikh Mkhitaryan only to elude his teammates.

Mata was involved in another opening, getting away down the right but crossing too close to Cech as Mkhitaryan waited unmarked in the middle.

Then Welbeck had an effort on the turn blocked by Jones six yards out after chaos from an Arsenal corner, and on the half-hour Chris Smalling made a crucial intervention at the near post after Ramsey had got away and crossed low.

Arsenal kept pressing, and after some fine footwork by Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain had bought him space on the edge of the area his shot drew another good stop from De Gea.

But United should have led on 32 minutes when Rob Holding's dangerous pass back into his own area was seized upon by Rooney as Laurent Koscielny hesitated, only for Cech to block.

The second half started in sleepy fashion, with youngster Axel Tuanzebe called into its first piece of action as he fended off a raid from Sanchez down the Arsenal left.

But after 54 minutes the home side broke through when Granit Xhaka picked up possession 30 yards out and his shot took a big deflection off Herrera and looped over De Gea.

Chelsea moved within three points of the Premier League title and consigned Middlesbrough to relegation with a dominant 3-0 victory at Stamford Bridge.

Goals from Diego Costa, Marcos Alonso and Nemanja Matic saw Chelsea re-establish a seven-point lead over Tottenham. And Antonio Conte's men can win the title before Spurs next play with victory at West Brom on Friday night.

Costa scored his 20th league goal of the season, converting a pass from the excellent Cesc Fabregas, and Alonso netted from a similar position before half-time.

And Matic struck in a second-half which began with Pedro hitting the bar as Brad Guzan conceded through his legs for a third time.

It could have been many more for the champions-elect in a one-sided contest.

Boro, now with one win in 19 league games, will be playing in the Championship next season after a record-equalling fourth demotion from the Premier League.

The visitors' night began with a bump. A minor nudge in rush hour traffic contributed to the delayed arrival of the Boro bus.

History was also against Boro, who were without a league win and had not scored in seven games at Stamford Bridge since 2001.

Chelsea's in-house TV channel showed the 1997 FA Cup final between the teams prior to the match, when Roberto di Matteo scored after 42 seconds.

James Milner had a penalty saved as Liverpool saw their hopes of establishing a cushion in the chase for the top four frustrated by a 0-0 home draw against Southampton.

Liverpool started brightly in the sunshine at Anfield and former Southampton player Nathaniel Clyne made a foray down the right, with his cross towards Divock Origi causing problems before the visitors cleared their lines.

And with 10 minutes on the clock, Emre Can -- whose spectacular bicycle kick won the game at Watford on Monday -- saw an overhit pass sail just over the Southampton bar from some 40 yards out.

Georgino Wijnaldum had a looping header easily gathered by goalkeeper Fraser Forster before Liverpool had another chance on 15 minutes when Roberto Firmino fired in a shot that was blocked.

And although Liverpool were enjoying the majority of the possession they could do little with it as Southampton's defence stood firm.

Philippe Coutinho tried to change all that, producing a 25-yard strike but sending it straight at Forster, and there was audible frustration when Milner, in a promising position, produced a tame cross that was easily cleared.

Firmino sent another effort straight at Forster before, with just under five minutes of an increasingly dull first half remaining, Can tried to lift the mood but his effort from the edge of the area was weak.

Milner swung in a hopeful cross that was headed down by Can towards Origi, but Southampton again cleared without any alarms as the opening period limped to a close.

Clyne was trying to inject some life into proceedings from Liverpool, but another run down the right ended with a cross straight into Forster's hands at the near post.

Soon, Adam Lallana was warming up for Liverpool as manager Jurgen Klopp considered changes with his side continuing to dominate the ball but failing to do much with that possession.

Ryan Shawcross' controversial own goal denied Stoke a first away win since January as Bournemouth scrambled a 2-2 Premier League draw.

Defender Shawcross unwittingly deflected Josh King's strike into his own net but Stoke were left frustrated that the Bournemouth striker was not ruled offside.

Stoke insisted King was offside from Max Gradel's headed assist, but the goal stood and the visitors were forced to settle for just their second point on the road since their 3-1 league win at Sunderland on January 14.

Stoke finally ended their 10-hour away-goal drought, thanks to Lys Mousset's own goal and an ungainly finish from Mame Biram Diouf.

Bournemouth hit back through Junior Stanislas and later Shawcross' own goal however, to ensure the two mid-table sides shared the spoils.

Stoke's away goal drought finally ended on 629 minutes, but when that first strike came, it was not courtesy of any of their own players.

Instead Bournemouth forward Mousset put through his own net after Marko Arnautovic's corner, unwittingly back-heading past Artur Boruc.

Hull's survival hopes were dented as relegated Sunderland secured their first win since February to bring a surprising and untimely end to Marco Silva's long unbeaten home run.

The Portuguese's January appointment at the KCOM Stadium raised eyebrows but has worked wonders, bringing hope to embattled City thanks largely to their superb home performances.

But they emerged pointless from their match against David Moyes' relegated side as second-half goals from Billy Jones and Jermain Defoe ended Sunderland's 91-day wait for a win, with the 2-0 reverse Silva's first home loss in three years.

It was an awful time for the Portuguese's 41-match unbeaten home run to come to an end, giving Swansea a chance to usurp them with victory in the late kick-off against Everton.

Hull had taken 19 points from a possible 21 at home under Silva until this point and bullish Tigers forward Oumar Niasse had confidently said before the game it was not a question of whether Hull would win, but by how many goals.

Whether it was overconfidence or nerves, the Tigers struggled to find a rhythm against a Black Cats side whose performance belied their woeful campaign, with Jordan Pickford keeping the home side at bay with a man-of-the-match display.

Tottenham's title hopes were dealt a decisive blow as Manuel Lanzini's strike gave West Ham a memorable 1-0 win over their London rivals.

Spurs needed a victory to keep the pressure on leaders Chelsea but will now find themselves seven points adrift, with only three games to play, if the Blues beat Middlesbrough at home on Monday.

Such has been their impressive pursuit of Chelsea that Mauricio Pochettino's side arrived at the London Stadium looking for a 10th-straight Premier League win.

Few people in either camp would have foreseen any other outcome, either, with West Ham limping towards the finishing line of what has been a torrid season.

Yet it seems there is nothing like a home game against Tottenham to rouse the Hammers and their fans -- just a year ago a 1-0 defeat at Upton Park put a major dent in Spurs' eventually unsuccessful title bid.

For all the talk of the lack of atmosphere at West Ham's new home, it crackled early on as some old-fashioned derby tackles went in.

And as Lanzini smashed home the second-half winner, a roar went up like nothing heard at the former Olympic Stadium since Mo Farah came down the final straight at the Olympics in 2012.

For all that it meant to Tottenham, West Ham manager Slaven Bilic had the look of a man with the weight of the world removed from his shoulders as his side ensured they are mathematically safe from relegation.

The victory could also go a long way to keeping Bilic in a job next season.

But for the second season in a row it looks as though Tottenham's title dreams have been shattered, as just two wins for Chelsea will take the title back to Stamford Bridge.

Leicester cruised to a comfortable 3-0 victory over Watford to all-but seal Premier League safety.

The Foxes secured a fifth-straight home win in the top flight to climb into the division's top 10 after goals from Wilfred Ndidi, Riyad Mahrez and Marc Albrighton.

It was also boss Craig Shakespeare's eighth win in 13 games in charge and only Tottenham (24) have earned more points than Leicester's 22 since Shakespeare took over in February.

The outgoing champions, who also hit the woodwork twice, moved up to ninth as Watford dropped to 15th following a fifth successive away defeat without scoring.

The pair are virtually safe but the Hornets' end-of-season form will be a concern as they slipped to a seventh defeat in their last 11 outings.

Walter Mazzarri's side have not scored an away goal since January and rarely looked like breaking that run at the King Power Stadium even if Kasper Schmeichel gifted them an early chance.

His poor throw dropped for Nordin Amrabat and he worked the ball to M'Baye Niang to tee up Tom Cleverley, only for the midfielder to shoot disappointingly wide from 20 yards.

In a drab opening it was a decent chance but Leicester almost took the lead after 18 minutes when Adrian Mariappa came to Watford's rescue.

Mahrez's quick free kick allowed Jamie Vardy to escape on the right and his low cross was destined for Shinji Okazaki before Mariappa stuck out a leg and deflected the ball against his own post.

Sam Vokes' second-half brace denied West Brom a first away victory of 2017 and earned Burnley a 2-2 draw that edged them closer to confirming their Premier League survival.

After a forgettable first half, Vokes' 56th-minute opener ignited proceedings at Turf Moor, with the Baggies scoring twice in 12 minutes through Salomon Rondon and Craig Dawson having previously gone nearly nine hours without a goal.

Yet a first victory on their travels since New Year's Eve would elude them as Vokes capitalised on Ben Foster's poor decision to come for a free kick to level with four minutes remaining, taking the Clarets to 40 points, which will be enough to secure survival if Swansea fail to beat Everton.

Injuries to Ben Mee and Michael Keane meant Burnley had to deploy a centre-back pairing of James Tarkowski and Kevin Long, one that had amassed just one previous Premier League start between them.

Yet the inexperienced pair were scarcely tested in the opening half as the Clarets registered the only two opportunities of note.

George Boyd created the first with a left-wing cross that was met by a near-post Vokes volley that deflected off Gareth McAuley and was kept out by Foster's leg.

Boyd was involved in the move for the other chance too, as were Vokes and Ashley Barnes, the latter feeding Scott Arfield, who bore down on goal before seeing his shot stopped by James McClean's terrific sliding intervention.

The hosts had an even better opportunity early in the second period as an unmarked Tarkowski met Arfield's corner only for his bullet header to clear the crossbar.

Tottenham Hotspur again ensured Chelsea's lead at the top of the Premier League remains at four points and guaranteed that they will finish above Arsenal as they won White Hart Lane's last-ever North London derby 2-0.

Goals from Dele Alli and a Harry Kane penalty did the damage as Spurs moved to within one match of an unbeaten home season for the first time since the 1960s.

Spurs demonstrated their intent within the opening minute as Alli found Kane, whose low, angled shot was saved by Petr Cech.

And with just seven minutes on the clock the hosts were close once more, Christian Eriksen crossing for Toby Alderweireld, whose header flew narrowly over.

Spurs goalkeeper Hugo Lloris was called into action for the first time when he came off his line to snatch the ball from Kieran Gibbs after 10 minutes, but Spurs defender Ben Davies soon had a cross deflected into the side-netting at the other end.

The best chance of a scrappy opening came and went after 22 minutes as a deflected Harry Kane shot seemed certain to be headed home by Alli, but he steered wide from close range under pressure from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain.

That was followed by another golden chance three minutes later when Son Heung-Min's deflected effort fell to Eriksen who, from seven yards out, could only volley against the top of the crossbar.

In a scrappy phase towards half-time, there were breaks in play as both Granit Xhaka and Jan Vertonghen required treatment after taking knocks.

And with a little over five minutes of the first period remaining Arsenal produced their most dangerous move of the game so far as Aaron Ramsey fired in a low curling shot that was well saved by Lloris.

Alexis Sanchez then threaded a pass to Ramsey, whose effort was deflected over, and when the resulting corner was cleared as far as Sanchez he whipped a curling effort wide.

The Chile international saw a deflected strike whizz across the Tottenham area moments later as Arsenal continued to put together a bright attacking spell -- but seconds later, at the other end, Jan Vertonghen shot and Cech dived to push it away.

The Arsenal keeper made another good stop early in the second half, tipping over after Wanyama shot from the edge of the area after good work from Son, and the South Korea international fired wide from the resulting corner.

Kane then struck a powerful effort straight at Cech -- but within moments Spurs had struck twice in as many minutes to take a stranglehold on the match.

After 56 minutes, Alli broke through when good work from Eriksen, who tiptoed past a defender and had a shot saved, saw the ball bounce to the midfielder who steered low into the corner.

And within moments Kane was adjudged to have been brought down in the area by Gabriel, getting back to his feet to slam the penalty low into the corner.

Olivier Giroud had a shot stopped by Lloris as Arsenal looked for a quick response, and the keeper repeated the trick soon afterwards as Sanchez tried his luck.

A great Cech save prevented Vertonghen from making it three with a blistering effort from the edge of the area as Spurs moved into total control, and home players and officials appealed loudly for handball when the ball struck Sanchez inside the area.

Kane was denied by Cech as he tried to lift a finish over him and the Arsenal keep produced another fine stop to thwart Alderweireld.

Theo Walcott shot straight at Lloris as the Gunners tried to muster a late response, but they could do nothing to shake Tottenham's control.



Sunderland's 10-year stay in the Premier League was ended as Josh King's late winner for Bournemouth at the Stadium of Light condemned them to relegation.

King struck with two minutes remaining to snatch a 1-0 win that ended the Black Cats' chances of a fifth successive great escape.

There was brief hope from elsewhere when Southampton were awarded a late penalty against Hull, but Eldin Jakupovic's save earned the TIgers a goalless draw which leaves them 13 points clear of David Moyes' side with 12 to play for.

King had earlier been denied by the woodwork but Jermain Defoe uncharacteristically passed up a series of inviting opportunities for the home side and sections of the 38,394 crowd at the Stadium of Light once again called for Moyes' head at the final whistle.

On an afternoon when Sunderland, who on Friday reported losses of £33million after tax for the year to July 31, ran out knowing the price of failure only too well, they huffed and puffed during a nervy first half in which Bournemouth played the better football and had the better chances.

That said, they had opportunities and had leading scorer Defoe been able to call upon his early-season form -- the last of his 14 goals came nine games ago -- they might even have grabbed the lead.

Fabio Borini forced Artur Boruc into an 11th-minute save with a rising drive, but it was Defoe to whom most of the better openings fell.

He fired over from a promising position with 19 minutes gone after exchanging passes with Wahbi Khazri and just wide six minutes before the break, having earlier seen a penalty appeal waved away by referee Stuart Attwell when his shot appeared to hit the arm of Simon Francis.

But in the meantime, Jordan Pickford, who made regulation saves from Benik Afobe, Marc Pugh and Adam Smith, enjoyed a rare moment of good fortune when King left him rooted to the spot with a 20th-minute chip from a tight angle only to see the ball hit both bar and post before bouncing into his arms.

Pugh was unable to trouble Pickford with a header from King's ball in seconds after the restart but fired just wide of the far post with 50 minutes gone, although Boruc had to palm away Borini's effort as play switched rapidly to the other end.

Central defender Lamine Kone headed over from Khazri's 55th-minute cross with the Black Cats pressing once again but, as time ran down, any composure began to ebb away.

However, George Honeyman had the home fans off their seats when he latched on to Borini's 67th-minute pass and tested Boruc at his near post.

The game descended into an ugly melee after Borini brought down Lewis Cook with a clumsy challenge, and the Italian and Harry Arter were both booked for their roles once order had been restored.

Boruc needed two attempts to field full-back Donald Love's skidding low drive four minutes from time, but it was the visitors who snatched victory when substitute Lys Mousset picked out Ryan Fraser on the right and his cross was steered home by King.

Southampton's penalty was awarded at almost the same moment -- but Jakupovic denied Dusan Tadic to condemn the Black Cats to life back in the Championship.

Burnley broke their away-day duck and eased their relegation fears as goals from Ashley Barnes and Andre Gray secured a 2-0 win at Crystal Palace.

Barnes struck after just eight minutes and Tom Heaton kept Palace at bay before substitute Gray hit a late second to ensure the Clarets finally registered their first success on the road this season.

It was also Burnley's first ever Premier League victory in London - at the 16th attempt - which lifted them above Palace and, crucially, eight points clear of the drop zone.

Unfortunately there was an unsavoury incident as Burnley celebrated their first goal, when defender James Tarkowski appeared to be struck by a lighter thrown from the home crowd.

But nothing was going to take the shine off Burnley's win, which saw them take a huge step towards securing their place in the Premier League.

Palace should also be fine in truth, although manager Sam Allardyce knows the job is not done until they are mathematically safe and will not want to still be in the equation for much longer.

Chelsea scored three second-half goals to win at Everton and re-establish a seven-point lead over Tottenham Hotspur, who take on their North London rivals Arsenal later on Sunday.

The Premier League leaders stepped up the pace after a tight first half to end up in full control at Goodison Park.

Everton provided the first threat early on when Dominic Calvert-Lewin's effort hit the foot of the post, but Chelsea soon hit back and Gary Cahill tried his luck from long range to force Maarten Stekelenburg into an uncertain save.

Eden Hazard then zipped away from defenders down the left before firing in an effort that deflected up into the air and was cleared.

The Belgium international was then found by Diego Costa and took the ball around Stekelenburg only to find the side-netting from a tight angle.

Young home midfielder Tom Davies then produced a strong sliding challenge on Costa as he shaped to shoot after being found by Hazard.

It was an attacking start and both sides came close within moments of each other around the quarter-hour mark, Nemanja Matic drifting into space to hit a low shot that was saved by Stekelenburg.

At the other end, Romelu Lukaku -- reported to be a summer transfer target for his old club Chelsea -- fizzed an effort wide.

Costa should then have given Chelsea the lead after David Luiz found him with a long pass, but he smacked his effort high into the Gwladys Street End.

Luiz was in action at the other end as Lukaku tried to break free, preventing him from getting a clean strike at goal, and with five minutes left until the break Ross Barkley saw a free kick from 25 yards cannon to safety.

In added time at the end of the first half, Matic flicked on a corner but no colleague was able to reach the ball.

Chelsea stepped up the pace in the opening moments of the second half and a driven Victor Moses cross was only inches away from Costa as it deflected towards him.

Costa was booked for fouling Stekelenberg after a short Phil Jagielka backpass had put Everton in trouble -- but they were soon asking the visitors questions at the other end as an Enner Valencia effort was deflected past the post.

Moments later, Valencia got away down the left and his low cross was held by Courtois, and then Barkley waited too long to find a pass to Lukaku as the striker sped through the middle.

But Chelsea broke the deadlock in spectacular style with 66 minutes on the clock as Pedro picked up possession, turned into space and fired an outstanding finish into the top corner from 20 yards.

And with 11 minutes remaining, the Londoners made sure of the points as a low Hazard free kick was parried by Stekelenburg and went in off Cahill.

Chelsea made a double change soon afterwards, taking off Pedro and Luiz, who appeared to have taken a knock, and replacing them with Cesc Fabregas and Nathan Ake.

Five minutes from the end, Eden Hazard was replaced by Willian -- and the Brazilian soon added a third as he turned home a neat Fabregas cut-back.



Eldin Jakupovic's late penalty save handed Hull another boost in their Premier League survival fight but also condemned Sunderland to relegation.

Hull pulled off a gritty goalless draw at Southampton, with Jakupovic palming away Dusan Tadic's late spot kick as the visitors held out for a potentially priceless point.

Hull's point, coupled with Sunderland's 1-0 home loss to Bournemouth, ensured Marco Silva's men edged closer to top-flight safety - and cemented the Black Cats' slip through the trap door.

Just as a low-quality affair at St Mary's appeared to be petering out to a dull finish, Alfred N'Diaye hauled down Maya Yoshida in the box.

Tadic lined up the penalty, only for Jakupovic to guess right, and palm the ball to safety.

Jamie Vardy continued his red-hot run in front of goal as Leicester eased their Premier League relegation fears with a 1-0 win at West Brom.

Vardy made no mistake two minutes before half-time as Leicester won away from home in the top-flight for only the second time this season.

His strike was his 17th of the season, his third in the last four games and his eighth in 12 matches under the control of manager Craig Shakespeare. It was also the third successive game that he had scored at The Hawthorns.

While Vardy has hit form at just the right time, Albion have hit a losing habit and a goal drought.

Tony Pulis's team have lost their last four games - and failed to score in their last five. They have won only once in eight games as they limp towards the end of the season.

Pulis made a surprise change to his side when he left captain Darren Fletcher out of the starting line-up in the Premier League for the first time since his arrival from Manchester United in 2015 - ending a run of 86 successive top-flight starts for the Scottish midfielder. His former United team-mate Jonny Evans took over as skipper with Fletcher on the bench.

Leicester were again without central defender Wes Morgan after he failed to shake off a hamstring problem that had also forced him to miss the 1-0 defeat at Arsenal.

After a frantic opening spell, when Leicester's Danny Drinkwater was booked for a rash lunge on Nacer Chadli in the 16th minute, Albion were denied the breakthrough by the heroics of Leicester goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel.

Evans lifted a long cross into the Leicester area after 18 minutes and Chris Brunt met it with an angled header that Schmeichel spectacularly tipped over the bar with his right hand.

The feisty feel to the game continued when Albion midfielder Claudio Yacob, who had earlier sent Vardy tumbling, was booked for his 22nd minute challenge on Shinji Okazaki.

In a game where clear chances had been at a premium it was perhaps no surprise that when the deadlock was broken it was down to a mistake.

Albion striker Salomon Rondon played the ball back towards his own goal but he had not spotted the lurking Okazaki.

Okazaki collected Rondon's back pass and fed a pass into the path of Vardy who clinically lifted the ball over the advancing goalkeeper Ben Foster.

Rondon did his best to try and make amends for his error, flashing a header narrowly wide on the stroke of half-time before Schmeichel got down low to smother his shot three minutes into the second period.

Craig Dawson then saw his close range header deflected over the Leicester bar by his own team-mate, Gareth McAuley, before Leicester could have made the game safe only for Riyad Mahrez to flash his close range shot into the side netting after 61 minutes.

Mahrez then curled another shot wide 10 minutes from time after Fletcher, who had been introduced in the 69th minute, lost possession to Vardy.

Liverpool took a significant step to sealing Champions League qualification as Emre Can scored a goal-of-the-season contender to down Watford on Monday night.

Jurgen Klopp had seen Manchester City, Manchester United and Arsenal drop points in the battle for the Premier League top four before his side travelled to Vicarage Road -- and they took full advantage.

A largely forgettable 90 minutes was settled when Can lit up a cold Hertfordshire evening with a superb volley in first-half stoppage time to clinch a 1-0 win.

The victory moved Liverpool four points clear of United in fifth, although they have played a game more than their bitter rivals.

The opening quarter of the contest was interrupted by injuries as Liverpool lost Philippe Coutinho with less than 10 minutes gone before Miguel Britos hobbled off for the hosts soon after.

Watford goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes was forced into action as he pushed a long-range Can effort away from goal.

The game stuttered along for the majority of the half with very little incident until Adam Lallana, Coutinho's replacement, hit the bar with a looping effort.

Lucas Leiva was then booked for diving as the half threatened to end with a whimper, only for Can to take centre-stage.

Gabriel Jesus marked his return to Manchester City's starting lineup by grabbing a dramatic late equaliser for his side in a 2-2 draw against relegation-haunted Middlesbrough at the Riverside Stadium.

Gabriel headed home a Sergio Aguero cross in the 84th minute after Calum Chambers appeared to have secured three priceless points for the hosts in their unlikely battle to beat the drop.

Steve Agnew's men led through a first-half strike from former City striker Alvaro Negredo before the visitors drew level in controversial fashion when Aguero netted from the spot.

Boro players reacted with fury when Leroy Sane went down under the challenge of Marten de Roon -- but reacted brilliantly to grab back the lead just seven minutes later.

But in a thrilling finale Gabriel, back after 10 weeks out with a foot injury, strengthened his side's top-four prospects and left Boro six points off safety with just three games to go.

Boro had almost behind in the first 30 seconds, Aguero wriggling into the left side of the box and flashing a shot across the face of goal.

Aleksandar Kolarov drove a long-range effort high and wide with three minutes on the clock, and five minutes later Fernandinho's lofted pass fed Aguero who scooped his shot inches over the bar.

A late equaliser by Gylfi Sigurdsson denied Manchester United the chance to move up into third place and boosted Swansea's chances of escaping the drop in a 1-1 draw at Old Trafford.

United had taken the lead on the stroke of half-time with a controversial penalty but Sigurdsson struck for a share of the spoils with 11 minutes remaining.

In addition to the frustration of dropping crucial points in the race for the top four, the home side suffered yet more injury problems as defenders Luke Shaw and Eric Bailly limped off.

Swansea produced the first effort of the afternoon when, with six minutes played, Kyle Naughton created the space for Ki Sung-Yeung to fire in an angled shot that cleared David De Gea's crossbar.

United's first injury blow arrived after only nine minutes when Shaw looked to have taken a knock to the ankle and made his way to the touchline before being replaced by Antonio Valencia.

Swansea continued to threaten against their reorganised opponents and Stephen Kingsley crossed low to force Bailly into defensive action.

And with 12 minutes gone, another Bailly clearance crashed off Sigurdsson and bounced narrowly wide of the post.

United were struggling, and with 15 minutes played Fernando Llorente got away from Bailly to force a good save from De Gea.

But a couple of minutes later they sprang into action and Antony Martial's pass found Jesse Lingard, who was denied by visiting goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski.

Wayne Rooney headed over as United continued to try to build momentum, and on the half-hour a strong Martial run and strike forced Fabianski into another smart stop.

But Swansea soon went back on the attack and Jordan Ayew again made De Gea work.

Ander Herrera crossed dangerously from the right as the first half drew to a close after Martial had set him free, but Swansea defenders were in the right place to clear.

But United broke through in contentious fashion in first-half injury time when Rashford went down under a Fabianski challenge and, despite angry Swansea protests, referee Neil Swarbrick pointed to the spot.

They should have doubled that lead moments into the second half when Herrera created a golden chance for Rooney, but his shot crashed against Martial and Swansea survived.

Sigurdsson, though, was always dangerous and produced another cross that gave Llorente a chance to head at goal, only for the effort to fly over.

And United soon had yet another injury problem to worry about when, after 57 minutes, Bailly went down following a challenge with Llorente.

Although he was able to continue for a few moments, he had to be replaced by Matteo Darmian minutes later.

Fabianski denied Martial soon after the hour when the striker fired in a shot that took an awkward deflection before the injury jinx hit Swansea as substitute Jefferson Montero, on for only a few moments, appeared to pull a hamstring and was replaced by Martin Olsson.

As time ticked into the final quarter of an hour, Valencia had an effort beaten away by Fabianski before Sigurdsson fired over after Leroy Fer had teed him up on the edge of the box.

But Sigurdsson made amends in spectacular style after 79 minutes when he curled a superb free kick up, over the wall and into the top corner after Rooney had fouled Olsson just outside the area.

Another Sigurdsson set piece should have brought a late, late Swansea winner -- but the unmarked Llorente, six yards out, failed to make contact and the chance was gone.



Stoke and West Ham shared the spoils in a goalless draw as Jack Butland kept his first clean sheet since his return, doing so in front of watching England manager Gareth Southgate.

The Potters reached the 40-point mark but had no joy in an attacking sense as Saido Berahino was denied a first goal for the club by Winston Reid's fine block and Adrian's save.

Southgate, who missed the Manchester derby on Thursday in favour of attending a rugby league game, saw Butland make just his second appearance since he fractured his ankle while on international duty last March.

Butland impressed with saves from Andre Ayew and Manuel Lanzini ahead of a possible Three Lions return in June.

There were few English players in either side for Southgate to cast his eye over, but one of them, Berahino, was hoping to open his Stoke account 427 days after his last goal for West Brom.

Marko Arnautovic's pull-back found the forward in the eighth minute, but Reid flung himself in front of the powerful shot to prevent a certain goal.

Berahino then lost his footing as Xherdan Shaqiri looked to play him through.

Another block, this time from Jose Fonte, prevented him from converting Joe Allen's cross, while the former Southampton captain was equally alert to stop Arnautovic turning home Glen Johnson's cross.

The Hammers lacked creativity apart from Lanzini but Ayew did display some ingenuity with an overhead kick that provided Butland with his first test, one he passed.

He was less assured when rushing out to deal with a long ball that Jonathan Calleri was chasing along with Bruno Martins Indi, with Ryan Shawcross able to tidy up when Butland failed to clear.

The visitors might have entered the break ahead had Calleri opted for a simple finish when his cross came back to him, but his decision to try a right-footed rabona as opposed to a left-footed finish saw Martins Indi block.

Slaven Bilic brought on Aaron Cresswell at the start of a second half which the Potters began brightly as Allen volleyed into the netting and both he and Shaqiri forced Adrian into saves.

Both of those were considerably more straightforward than the effort he produced to repel Berahino, throwing out his right hand to tip the forward's first-time effort around a post.

Butland got in on the act at the other end, parrying Ayew's chance before thrusting out a leg to deny Lanzini during the same attack.

The views of the two managers were epitomised by the substitutions they made in the 69th and 70th minute -- Bilic taking off striker Ayew for midfielder Noble and Hughes introducing forward Crouch for midfielder Allen.

As it was, Crouch could not provide another match-winning contribution from the bench and it was Arnautovic who came closest to doing so when he reached Shaqiri's cross only to see Adrian save and then scoop the ball wide.

Crystal Palace took a giant step towards Premier League safety and inflicted a setback on Liverpool's top four hopes as Christian Benteke struck twice on his return to Anfield.

Palace were happy to play a containing game in the early stages, allowing Liverpool plenty of possession but denying them space whenever they tried to get forward.

And it was Sam Allardyce's side who fashioned a good opening after 21 minutes as former Liverpool striker Benteke got away from a couple of defenders on the edge of the area but sent a low effort wide.

Within two minutes, Jurgen Klopp's side were ahead as Philippe Coutinho opened the scoring in brilliant fashion.

The Brazilian was fouled around 25 yards out and got back to his feet to curl a sumptuous strike over the wall and beyond Palace keeper Wayne Hennessey.

With a little over five minutes remaining until the break, Jurgen Klopp's side could have doubled their lead as Emre Can was given a shooting chance by James Milner's pull-back, only to send his effort horribly wide.

And Liverpool -- who had struggled to create much else against Allardyce's disciplined defence -- were made to regret it when the returning Benteke struck at the Kop end with three minutes of the first half remaining.

Yohan Cabaye beat the offside trap down the right and fired a low cross into the heart of the danger zone where Benteke, left all alone, swept his finish high past Simon Mignolet.

The Blegium international celebrated the strike with on-loan Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho on the Palace bench, sparking an angry reaction from some Liverpool fans.

West Ham held Europa-League chasing Everton to a dull goalless Premier League draw at the London Stadium.

In a game of half-chances, Manuel Lanzini's goalbound second-half effort was the closest any of the two sides came to finding a goal.

With the share of the spoils, the point takes Everton above Arsenal into sixth-place but the Gunners have three games in-hand over their Merseyside rivals. Meanwhile, West Ham edged closer to safety as they remain in 13th place, seven off the drop zone.

West Ham made four changes to the side that drew at Sunderland with Adrian, Winston Reid, Havard Nordtveit and Jonathan Calleri - who made his first Premier League start for the club - coming in for Darren Randolph, suspended Sam Byram, injured Andy Carroll and Robert Snodgrass.

Meanwhile Everton, Maarten Stekelenburg replaced Jose Robles in goal.

A clumsy miskick from Adrian, making his first Premier League start since November, almost gifted Everton the lead after failing to clear the ball under the challenge of Kevin Mirallas. The Spaniard would, however, recover to retrieve the ball.

In a scrappy opening, the first shot on target came after 28 minutes as Nordveit's long-range effort was comfortably gathered by Stekelenburg.

Cheikhou Kouyate was the next West Ham player to try his luck from distance but his strike sailed wide of the post.

With Slaven Bilic's side set up in a 5-3-2 formation, Everton struggled to find their attacking rhythm with the home side's defence paying close attention to leading Premier League marksman Romelu Lukaku, who went into the game with an impressive record of scoring in nine consecutive games against the Hammers.

Having been run ragged by Lanzini for much of the first-half, Tom Davies and Idrissa Gueye were replaced by Ademola Lookman and Gareth Barry for the second half.

But West Ham continued their momentum and Lanzini was in the thick of the action again. Andre Ayew found Edimilson Fernandes in acres of space on the right flank before the Swiss midfielder scuffed his shot. The ball then fell to Lanzini but defender Phil Jagielka came to the rescue to throw himself at the shot and block with his head.

Lukaku's first real sight at West Ham's defence summed his performance. The Belgian shimmied past Collins to cut in on his favoured left foot but dwindled on the ball too long as Jose Fonte was there to dispossess the forward.

Lookman, who had looked bright since coming off the bench, produced Everton's first real chances of the game after 71 minutes. The 19-year-old had two bites at the cherry as his shot was dragged wide of Adrian's post. Moments later, the former Charlton academy graduate created an opening on the left-hand side before his effort sailed just over the bar.

Another half-chance went begging for Ronald Koeman's side late on as substitute Dominic Calvert-Lewin also produced the perfect cross for Lukaku but it sailed over the head of the Belgian.

A last throw of the dice from West Ham in the final 10 minutes saw a corner find Fonte at the back post but his header was saved by Stekelenburg.

Manchester United cruised to a routine victory at Burnley to move to within a point of fourth-placed Manchester City.

United boss Jose Mourinho made eight changes from the Europa League victory over Anderlecht, among them the return of David De Gea in goal and only Wayne Rooney's second start of 2017.

Burnley, meanwhile, replaced the injured Sam Vokes with Andre Gray, who got an early telling-off from referee Anthony Taylor when his clattering challenge left United midfielder Paul Pogba in a heap.

That set the tone for a scrappy opening few minutes, but United fashioned the first move of any note -- and it should have given them a ninth-minute lead.

Anthony Martial got down the left and crossed low into the penalty area and the ball fell to the returning Rooney, who stabbed it goalwards but straight at goalkeeper Tom Heaton.

Visiting midfielder Marouane Fellaini then repeated the trick, heading too close to the keeper after 12 minutes.

Rooney set the ball back for Pogba on the edge of the area a couple of minutes later as United dominated, but the France international's shot cannoned back off a defender.

Jeff Hendrick produced the first moment of threat for the hosts, cutting into the penalty area and crossing low towards Gray, with the ball being cleared and Ben Mee heading over from the resulting corner.

After 18 minutes Jesse Lingard raced into the Burnley half and played the ball out to Rooney on the left, with the England man's mis-hit cross landing on top of Heaton's goal.

But United broke through in style after 21 minutes when, after a Robbie Brady cross was cleared, Anthony Martial raced forward before playing the ball to Ander Herrera on the right. Herrera's low return pass returned the ball to Martial, who steered his finish wide of Heaton.

As Burnley tried to hit back, Brady picked out Josh Lowton on the right, but his low cross skipped through to De Gea.

Middlesbrough edged closer to relegation to the Championship after losing 4-0 at Bournemouth following their latest limp display.

In a match they desperately needed to win to boost their ever-diminishing chances of beating the drop, Boro were level for less than two minutes and collapsed thereafter.

Victory at the Vitality Stadium, followed by a further three points in the game in hand they are yet to play, may just have been enough to revive their season.

Instead, one day after the shock death of club favourite Ugo Ehiogu, another loss of a different kind became the latest miserable turn under caretaker manager Steve Agnew, who has overseen four defeats and two draws since his appointment.

The result, which was worsened by the dismissal of Gaston Ramirez, also takes Bournemouth to the relative safety of 12th, where they are seven points clear of the bottom three with four games to play.

The ease with which the hosts took the lead did much to demonstrate why it is Middlesbrough look certainties for relegation.

Their near-uncontested build-up on the left wing created space for Marc Pugh to cross to Joshua King, who from in front of goal and similarly under minimal pressure routinely finished low beyond Brad Guzan.

If Agnew had given Middlesbrough any belief before kick-off, it quickly vanished from then, after which Bournemouth's fluid football posed a constant threat.

In the 16th minute further poor defending led to their second. Uncertainty in possession on the edge of the area invited Harry Arter to dispossess Adam Clayton, and when the loose ball fell to Benik Afobe, he struck beneath the onrushing Guzan and into the back of the net.

Bournemouth almost immediately again threatened, when Pugh's classy backheel played in King, but the forward sent his shot over the crossbar.

The frustrated Ramirez had already been booked for diving after an earlier challenge from Adam Smith when in the 20th minute he lunged in on the lively Pugh and was given a second yellow card by referee Graham Scott, effectively taking a comeback beyond his team.

By the 29th minute, when Marten de Roon forced a fine diving save from Artur Boruc when shooting ambitiously from midfield off the bounce from Alvaro Negredo's knockdown, the greatest question surrounded the margin of Middlesbrough's defeat.

Bournemouth played with patience, and had again threatened through Ryan Fraser when in the 65th minute Pugh extended their lead. A fine pass from substitute Lewis Cook played in Pugh, who from inside the area curled across the face of goal and into the bottom right corner.

Their finest goal was also their last. After a 70th-minute free-kick was laid off to Charlie Daniels on the edge of the area, the left-back showed exceptional footwork to skip past Clayton before drilling low into the same corner as Pugh.

Middlesbrough's five remaining fixtures come against Sunderland, Manchester City, Chelsea, Southampton and Liverpool. After Bournemouth left them 19th, and nine points from safety, there looks no way back.

Diego Costa ended his lean streak with a double as Premier League leaders Chelsea beat Southampton 4-2 to restore their seven-point advantage over Tottenham.

Cesc Fabregas, Costa and Eden Hazard were substitutes in last Saturday's FA Cup semifinal win over Spurs, largely because of the proximity of this fixture.

And all three were instrumental as Antonio Conte's side moved within 12 points of the title with five games remaining.

Hazard scored Chelsea's first following a Fabregas through ball and Costa layoff.

Gary Cahill, back after gastroenteritis, headed in Chelsea's second to give the hosts a half-time lead after ex-Blues midfielder Oriol Romeu netted for Saints.

And Costa notched his 50th Premier League goal from a Fabregas pass to end a seven-match scoreless run early in the second half and added a late fourth before Ryan Bertrand's late consolation.

Chelsea's prospects of a double in Conte's first season as head coach remain alive.

Tottenham play their game in hand on Wednesday at Crystal Palace and have the more challenging run-in on paper.

Chelsea play Arsenal in the FA Cup final on May 27 and will hope to have wrapped up the league by then, with Sunday's trip to Everton the most difficult proposition in their final five games.

The Blues had lost two of their previous four league games -- to Palace and at Manchester United -- but shook off the wobble at Wembley.

Yet there were more anxious moments to come against Saints, whose pace and ingenuity troubled the Blues.

This was Chelsea's first home game since it was announced that John Terry would be leaving in the summer following 22 years of service.

Swansea stopped the rot with a 2-0 victory over Stoke but remain in the bottom three of the Premier League.

Fernando Llorente's early header and a deflected Tom Carroll second-half strike gave Swansea their first win in seven games and lifted some of the gloom around the Liberty Stadium.

Swansea were given a huge helping hand when, with the score at 1-0, Marko Arnautovic blazed his 69th-mnute penalty high over the crossbar and into the disbelieving Stoke supporters behind the goal.

But Hull remain two points clear of Swansea in 17th place after beating Watford by the same scoreline on Humberside.

That was a game Swansea boss Paul Clement had predicted Hull would win, so his message was for his players to take care of their own business and end a desperate run of one point from six games.

Stoke's England goalkeeper Jack Butland started for the first time since fracturing his ankle on international duty 13 months ago.

But Butland had a torrid time in the first half and was beaten after 10 minutes when Llorente met Gylfi Sigurdsson's corner for his 12th goal of the season.

Llorente came in for heavy criticism for his sprinting at Watford last weekend - or rather the lack of it - but the Spanish striker has made a career out of his aerial ability rather than his pace.

And Llorente proved his worth when he escaped the attention of Ryan Shawcross to divert Sigurdsson's corner past Butland.

Sigurdsson was the starting point of every Swansea attack, revelling in a more central role after Clement had reverted to a diamond formation.

Swansea lost some momentum when Leroy Fer limped away from the action, but they were still the better side and it was not getting any easier for Butland.

The goalkeeper had to pick himself off the floor following a heavy collision with Jordan Ayew and was then almost caught dawdling on the ball in his box.

Alexis Sanchez hit a brace as Arsenal secured victory over relegated Sunderland in front of a sparsely populated Emirates Stadium to keep alive their dwindling hopes of Champions League qualification.

The Gunners needed to beat David Moyes' men to take the battle to finish in the top four of the Premier League down to the last day of the campaign.

They made heavy weather of their task, with Sanchez scoring a close-range double inside the final 17 minutes to secure the points with a 2-0 win.

Under-fire Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has never finished outside of the top four in a full season at the helm but despite this win, and even though it remains mathematically possible, the club look set for a Europa League campaign next year.

Manchester City's victory over West Brom means Arsenal need to beat Everton on Sunday and hope Liverpool slip up at home to Middlesbrough to gate-crash the top four.

Wenger's own position still remains a mystery as he has yet to announce if he will sign a new deal to remain at the club beyond the FA Cup final meeting with Chelsea in two weeks' time.

A lot of the home fans who stayed away from this clash did so in protest against Wenger remaining in charge - those who opted to attend were left short-changed.

Some supporters opted to stay away for other reasons but the official attendance of 59,510 was certainly wide of the mark, with Arsenal recording tickets sold rather than the figure who attended.

Arsenal thought they were ahead early on but saw a goal correctly chalked off as a Sanchez shot hit Giroud on the arm as it flew past Jordan Pickford in the visitors' goal.

Ruthless Harry Kane struck four goals as Tottenham dismantled Leicester 6-1.

The England forward's haul moved him two ahead of Romelu Lukaku in the race for the Premier League's golden boot with 26 goals ahead of Sunday's season-finale at Hull.

Son Heung-min also scored twice at the King Power Stadium as Spurs continued to shrug off any disappointment following Chelsea's title win.

The visitors were untouchable as they sealed their 13th win in their last 16 games in all competitions, having already cemented second place.

Tottenham challenged Leicester for the title last season, before eventually finishing third, and Foxes chief Craig Shakespeare dismissed any aggravation between the sides after last year's battle.

But he will be disappointed with how his side rolled over for Spurs, who outclassed their hosts from almost the first minute.

Apart from an error from Hugo Lloris which allowed Ben Chilwell to score, Tottenham were always on top with Leicester now destined to finish mid-table.

Leicester were on the back foot instantly when Son shot over before Jamie Vardy fired straight at Lloris as Tottenham dominated possession without a serious opening until Son wasted a glorious one after 15 minutes.

Lazar Markovic and Sam Clucas struck second-half goals as 10-man Hull kept their Premier League survival hopes alive with a gutsy 2-0 home win against Watford.

The Tigers overcame the controversial first-half dismissal of striker Oumar Niasse to score two brilliant goals in the space of nine minutes just after the hour mark through Markovic and Clucas to stay two points clear of the relegation zone with four games to play.

Hull's bid for survival had been dealt a massive blow when referee Robert Madley showed Niasse a harsh straight red card in the 25th minute, but their 10 men showed real fight after the break and stormed to a sixth win in seven home league games under head coach Marco Silva.

Silva's side made their usual jittery start, but settled after early Watford pressure and created their first opening in the 15th minute when Clucas fired over the crossbar from the edge of the penalty area.

Watford, all but safe on 40 points, were well organised but showed little intent to take the game to their hosts and the pattern appeared set, with Hull probing patiently in search of an early breakthrough.

But all that was turned on its head in the 25th minute when, to the disbelief of the home crowd, referee Madley produced a straight red card for apparent dangerous play after Niasse's challenge on M'Baye Niang.

Manchester City moved up to third in the Premier League with a comfortable 3-1 win over West Brom on an emotional night at the Etihad Stadium.

Goals from Gabriel Jesus, Kevin De Bruyne and Yaya Toure saw City cruise to victory on Pablo Zabaleta's final home appearance for the club.

West Brom were outplayed but claimed a late consolation through substitute Hal Robson-Kanu.

The result tightened City's grip on a top-four position but Arsenal's victory over Sunderland meant their close battle with the Gunners and Liverpool for Champions League spots would go to the final day.

In such form, however, City should be confident of completing the job at Watford on Sunday.

There may have been tributes aplenty to Zabaleta, who announced at the weekend he would be leaving the club, and an eagerness to acknowledge other players, including Toure, who could also be leaving.

But in terms of business, City were ruthless without needing to hit top gear.

They bossed the game from start to finish with West Brom looking disinterested.

The Baggies, comfortable in eighth place, had won just one of their previous 10 games and it did seem their minds were already on the summer.

The only surprise was it took 13 minutes for City to register a serious effort on goal as Aleksandar Kolarov's free kick was palmed away by Ben Foster.

After that the chances started to come with regularity as Kolarov had another effort diverted wide by Jesus, Leroy Sane drove across goal and Nicolas Otamendi shot at Foster.

The opener came after 27 minutes as Sergio Aguero brilliantly flicked a Toure pass into the path of De Bruyne, who teed up a simple finish for Jesus.

Mesut Ozil kept alive Arsenal's hopes of a top-four finish as Middlesbrough slid closer to the Premier League exit door on Monday night.

The Germany midfielder fired home a 71st-minute winner to finally kill off battling Boro, who had dragged themselves back into the game when Alvaro Negredo cancelled out Alexis Sanchez's first-half free-kick five minutes after the restart.

The 2-1 triumph -- the Gunners' first league away win for three months -- lifted Arsene Wenger's men seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City, with a game in hand.

However, the visitors had to fight all the way in front of a crowd of 31,298 at the Riverside, with Steve Agnew's Boro making up for what they may lack in quality with a committed display which for long periods looked like earning them tangible reward.

They kicked off knowing another failure to win -- they have not managed a league victory since December 17 -- would represent a major blow to their dwindling survival hopes, although buoyed by the knowledge that Arsenal had not collected three points on the road since they won at Swansea on January 14.

Equally, the visitors could not afford to allow that record to continue if they are to stand any chance of securing a 20th consecutive Champions League berth, although the vastly differing levels of ambition were not apparent for much of the first half.

The home side started brightly, with skipper Grant Leadbitter going just wide from distance with four minutes gone and high over from similar range 21 minutes later.

Tottenham Hotspur made it seven home league wins in a row and cut the gap on leaders Chelsea to four points ahead of Sunday's games with a dominant display as they won 4-0 against Bournemouth.

Spurs monopolised possession in the early stages, going close to a breakthrough when Mousa Dembele saw his fierce strike from the edge of the area pushed away by visiting goalkeeper Artur Boruc.

But Dembele struck after 16 minutes when poor marking from a corner that defender Simon Francis felt should not have been given enabled him to control and blast home.

Two minutes later, the home side had a second as a lovely flick from Harry Kane enabled the in-form Son Heung-Min to run on and fire in an angled shot for his eighth goal in five games.

Bournemouth almost pulled one back shortly before the half-hour mark when a dangerous low cross from Junior Stanislas only just eluded Benik Afobe.

But Tottenham were soon back on the front foot and only good defending from a dangerous Kyle Walker cross denied Dele Alli the chance to head a third.

Christian Eriksen hooked a half-volley towards goal and saw it stopped by Boruc after another clever Kane assist and had an effort from the edge of the box blocked as Spurs continued to dominate.

Son twisted and turned in the area before laying the ball back for Eriksen, who blasted over, before the South Korea international saw an effort stopped by Boruc.

But within three minutes of the restart it was 3-0 as Kane made space inside the area after an Alli pass before striking low to put the outcome beyond any doubt with his 20th league goal of the season.

He could have made it two three minutes later as Bournemouth left him unattended but he fired too close to Boruc, and within seconds he was denied again after the increasingly ragged visitors had given the ball away cheaply.

Eriksen fired a free kick into the wall as the game reached the hour mark with Eddie Howe's side unable to create any threat and forced to make a change when on-loan Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere took a knock and was replaced by Lewis Cook.

Eric Dier's effort from inside the area was deflected high over the bar before Bournemouth replaced Stanislas with Ryan Fraser and then Boruc found himself in action again, pushing away an Eriksen effort from range.

The underworked Hugo Lloris finally had to make a save as the visitors recorded their first effort on target after 72 minutes through Charlie Daniels, but the action was soon back at the other end where another long-range effort, this time from Ben Davies, was stopped.

With 78 minutes gone, Spurs manager Mauricio Pochettino opted to give Kane a rest, replacing him with Victor Wanyama.

And moments later Alli was also given a break as he was replaced for the closing stages by Moussa Sissoko before Vincent Janssen came on for Eriksen.

And Janssen rounded off the scoring with his first Premier League goal from open play in injury time, lashing home the rebound after his first strike had been blocked.

Ross Barkley inspired Everton to an eighth successive Premier League home win with a 3-1 victory over Burnley.

Barkley scored the important second goal -- via two deflections off defenders -- to make this current home winning streak the club's best since April 1990.

Striker Romelu Lukaku tried to grab some of the glory with his ninth Goodison game with a goal, matching the record of the great Dixie Dean in 1934, late on but there was no doubt where the appreciation of the home fans was directed.

The future of both players remains in doubt, with Lukaku refusing to sign a new contract and Barkley not committing himself to another, but on his evidence - for different reasons - Everton have to do their best to retain them.

Phil Jagielka's close-range effort had given his side the lead just after half-time only for goalkeeper Joel Robles' rush of blood in needlessly conceding a penalty allowed Clarets striker Sam Vokes to equalise.

Manchester United threw the Premier League title race open and boosted their hopes of a top-four finish as Jose Mourinho masterminded a 2-0 Old Trafford victory over his former club Chelsea.

The result -- which came a day after Tottenham Hotspur had beaten Bournemouth 4-0 -- means Chelsea's lead stands at four points, with both the Blues and Spurs having six games remaining.

United left Zlatan Ibrahimovic on the bench following the Europa League draw at Anderlecht while Chelsea were without keeper Thibaut Courtois, who had an ankle injury, and Marcos Alonso, who had a hamstring problem in the warmup.

The home side began at a fierce pace and created the first chance of the afternoon after only five minutes.

It arrived when Jesse Lingard stole the ball from David Luiz and set up Marcus Rashford on the edge of the area, only for the striker to scuff an effort wide.

But Rashford had to wait only two more minutes to give his side the lead, keeping his cool after a superb through pass from Ander Herrera to slide the ball past Begovic.

Chelsea had wanted a handball against Herrera as he won possession in a midfield challenge before playing the pass, but referee Bobby Madley waved play on.

The visitors were struggling to get much joy from a well-drilled United defence, and Diego Costa showed his annoyance when he shoved Eric Bailly to earn a talking-to from Madley.

And they soon had more to worry about at the other end as Ashley Young fired in a dangerous low cross that just eluded Rashford.

Xherdan Shaqiri's stunning 30-yard strike capped a Stoke victory that eased their relegation fears and left Hull still looking nervously over their shoulder after another fruitless away day.

The Switzerland international fired into the top corner with 10 minutes remaining in a 3-1 win for the Potters, who ended their four-game losing streak to move 11 points clear of a relegation zone which Hull remain just two above.

Still without an away success in the league since August, Marco Silva's side had been level when Harry Maguire cancelled out Marko Arnautovic's opener, yet substitute Peter Crouch restored Stoke's lead before Shaqiri's moment of magic.

Hughes' starting line-up saw him initially revisit an attacking three with Shaqiri and Arnautovic flanking Saido Berahino, and it was a formation that the visitors looked uncomfortable with.

Maguire's presence at right-back may have contributed to that as space between him and Michael Dawson was exploited by Shaqiri with a pass he threaded through to Arnautovic, who took two touches and blasted a sixth-minute attempt in off the crossbar.

Too often the form of the Potters' flair pair has been sporadic but this looked like an afternoon when they were in the mood, particularly when Shaqiri's delightful chipped pass came to Arnautovic inside the box, yet this time he blazed over.

The Swiss' confidence was contagious as Ryan Shawcross dinked through for Berahino to finish, though what would have been his first Stoke goal, 413 days on from his last for West Brom, was correctly ruled out for offside.

The Tigers eventually stirred but Oumar Niasse was hesitant to apply the finish to Lazar Markovic's cross, while the Serbian had a volley kept out by Lee Grant and Maguire ballooned over another opening from a corner.

Arnautovic was doing his best to increase the Potters' lead at the other end, fizzing one attempt across the face of goal and then picking out Berahino to stab wide.

Hull's prospects of a second-half fightback would have diminished had Niasse seen red in the first period's latter stages, which referee Stuart Attwell was not inclined to do despite the striker pushing Geoff Cameron's face under the official's nose moments after he had been booked for a late challenge on Grant.

Crystal Palace recovered from two goals down to secure a 2-2 draw with Leicester and take their latest step towards preserving their Premier League status.

Early in the second half at Selhurst Park goals from Robert Huth and Jamie Vardy had taken the visitors close to a momentum-building victory just four days ahead of their Champions League quarter-final second leg with Atletico Madrid.

Palace then swiftly responded through Yohan Cabaye and Christian Benteke then secured the draw that took them up to 15th, seven points clear of the bottom three and within five of ninth.

During Monday's 3-0 defeat of Arsenal, Palace played with an intensity that gave their visitors little chance. In Leicester they were encountering the opposite; Palace's equal in being direct and playing with pace, and a team willing to remain deep and attack on the counter.

The nature of their opening goal, after only seven minutes, therefore surprised for more than one reason. Sam Allardyce's reputation has largely been built on his ability to organise a defence and succeed with set-pieces, so when Christian Fuchs' long throw-in from the left wing was so casually headed in by Huth the Palace manager would have been concerned.

Roberto Firmino scored Liverpool's winner as they saw off West Bromwich Albion with a 1-0 victory to move up to third in the Premier League.

Firmino scored the only goal of the game at The Hawthorns with a header at the end of the first half to edge Liverpool two points clear of fourth-placed Manchester City.

It was Liverpool who created the game's first real chance following a quiet start, with Philippe Coutinho slipping in Firmino but he sent his low strike just wide of the post on 15 minutes.

West Brom could have gone ahead 10 minutes later when Matt Phillips picked out Nacer Chadli in the area, but the former Tottenham man miskicked the ball from just a few yards out.

Coutinho soon dragged an effort wide from the edge of the box for Liverpool, before Hal Robson-Kanu sent his strike straight at Simon Mignolet down the other end after being played in on goal by Jake Livermore.

Manchester City moved into third place in the Premier League as Vincent Kompany scored to spark a 3-0 win at Southampton.

Sergio Aguero threatened twice in the opening few minutes as City started at pace, first volleying a difficult half-chance wide from Kevin De Bruyne's pass and then turning his defender and sending a low, angled shot spinning wide.

But for all City's early dominance of possession, Southampton created -- and missed -- the best early chance after 15 minutes.

Nathan Redmond tricked his way into space before finding Manolo Gabbiadini with a pass into the area, but the striker's layoff was thumped high over by Dusan Tadic when he had both time and space.

City swept forward as the game approached the half-hour mark and David Silva found De Bruyne, whose strike from the edge of the box cannoned back off a defender.

Silva should have given City the lead with 37 minutes gone when Aguero's deflected cross came to him and, from close range, he could only prod his finish into the side-netting.

City felt they should have had a penalty two minutes later when Southampton goalkeeper Fraser Forster came out to meet Leroy Sane and appeared to catch the City player as he attempted to round him. Referee Neil Swarbrick, however, waved the appeals away.

Silva was involved again as the clock ticked down to the end of the first half, firing wide from the edge of the box as the opening period ended without a shot on target for either side.

City's Yaya Toure provided the first on-target effort early in the second half but his effort posed no threat to Forster, before James Ward-Prowse curled an ambitious free kick over the angle of Claudio Bravo's goal.

With 55 minutes gone, Jesus Navas let fly from 20 yards but his effort was close to Forster, who tipped it over -- only for City to take the lead from the resulting corner as the returning Kompany thundered home a header.

An error from Swansea's Alfie Mawson led to Watford's winning goal at Vicarage Road with defeat leaving the visitors inside the Premier League bottom three.

Etienne Capoue capitalised on Mawson's sloppiness to score the only goal of a dull encounter, the 1-0 win taking Watford onto 40 points and all-but securing their top-flight status.

But it was a fifth loss in six games for the Swans, who are swimming against the tide in their bid to avoid the drop.

Paul Clement's side remained 18th in the table and two points behind Hull, who lost at Stoke, with just five games left to turn their season around.

A goalless draw at home to fellow bottom three side Middlesbrough represents the only point for the south Wales outfit since a win over Burnley at the start of March.

Things started brightly for Clement's men in Hertfordshire with Heurelho Gomes making a smart save from Gylfi Sigurdsson as the Swansea skipper had the game's first decent chance.

But Gomes was at fault as the visitors passed up a glorious opportunity to take the lead with a little over 10 minutes on the clock.

Fabio Borini came off the bench to grab a Premier League lifeline as Sunderland rescued a point in dramatic fashion.

The Italian snatched a 2-2 draw with 10-man West Ham moments after being introduced as an 88th-minute replacement for the injured Billy Jones, who was carried from the pitch on a stretcher while being given oxygen.

It may prove to be too little, too late for the Black Cats and manager David Moyes but opposite number Slaven Bilic was left fuming after seeing his side twice pegged back after taking the lead through Andre Ayew and James Collins in front of a crowd of 40,168 at the Stadium of Light. Wahbi Khazri, starting for the first time since October 29, scored direct from a corner for Sunderland in between.

The beleaguered Moyes found himself a target for the boo boys as his afternoon began in familiar fashion.

The game was just seconds old when midfield enforcer Lee Cattermole was booked for a trip on Ayew on the edge of the box, and keeper Jordan Pickford had to dive to his left to parry Manuel Lanzini's second-minute free-kick.

But there was nothing Pickford could do to keep the Hammers at bay three minutes later when Andy Carroll scuffed Sam Byram's cross back across goal and Ayew tucked the ball into the net, with the home side fuming that play had not been stopped after Victor Anichebe had gone to ground at the other end of the pitch.

Crystal Palace dominated Arsenal 3-0 on Monday night to increase the pressure on Arsene Wenger while boosting their own Premier League survival hopes.

Having won just two of their last seven Premier League games before travelling to Selhurst Park, Arsenal arrived late in south London and never got out of first gear as Sam Allardyce got one over his old foe -- with the 3-0 victory easing Palace's relegation fears in the process.

Former Tottenham man Andros Townsend opened the scoring before Yohan Cabaye's well-taken second was added to from the penalty spot by Luka Milivojevic.

Large sections of Arsenal's support ended the night with a chorus of "Arsene Wenger, we want you to go" and "you're not fit to wear the shirt" -- with protests against the 67-year-old likely to ramp up as they remain sixth following this damaging defeat.

The loss means Arsenal are 20 points clear of relegation-threatened Palace but 21 points shy of Premier League leaders Chelsea as Wenger's knack of delivering top-four finishes and Champions League qualification now faces a stern test.

The Frenchman has yet to announce whether he will sign a new contract at the Emirates Stadium but his players did nothing to ease the mounting pressure on his shoulders with a lacklustre display.

Cabaye was a surprise inclusion in the Palace side having been forced off with a calf injury last week and the France international blazed an early chance over having been played in by Jeffrey Schlupp.

His midfield partner was next to try his luck but Milivojevic could only arrow a long-range effort wide of Emiliano Martinez's right-hand post.

Arsenal's first opportunity fell to Mohamed Elneny, who won a corner as his shot from outside the box was pushed behind by Wayne Hennessey.

But it did not take long for Palace to find their range, as Allardyce's men built up a head of steam which was rounded off as Townsend ghosted in unmarked to convert Wilfried Zaha's scuffed cross.

England keeper Tom Heaton produced a stunning save to deny Alvaro Negredo a priceless winner as Burnley nudged Middlesbrough closer to the Premier League exit.

The Clarets keeper somehow managed to keep out the Spaniard's 67th-minute effort to preserve his clean sheet and assure his side of just a fourth league point on the road this season.

However, Heaton's heroics left Boro, who are now without a league win in 14 attempts dating back to December 17, in ever deeper trouble with just seven games remaining.

Having emerged from clashes with relegation rivals Swansea and Hull in fixtures which had been ear-marked as life-savers with only a point to show for their efforts, Steve Agnew's men knew they were drinking in the last chance saloon.

Accordingly, the interim head coach tinkered once again with both personnel and system.

Wing-backs Stewart Downing and Antonio Barragan exploited the space they were afforded well to produce a series of crosses, but the Teessiders were unable to muster the quality they needed to make the most of their possession when it mattered most with Heaton largely untroubled before the break.

He saw full-back Stephen Ward block a sixth-minute Barragan shot at source and striker Rudy Gestede glance a 28th-minute header well wide, although he heaved a huge sigh of relief four minutes before the break when defender Daniel Ayala blasted the ball across his six-yard area after he had recycled Grant Leadbitter's free kick, with no team-mate able to make meaningful contact.

The Clarets saw less of the ball, but with Joey Barton composed in the middle of the field, used their share to better effect with the impressive Robbie Brady clipping the top of Victor Valdes' crossbar with a 14th-minute free-kick and George Boyd blasting wastefully over on the turn 12 minutes later.

Gestede forced Heaton into his first real save of the game with a downward header from a 47th-minute corner and Downing sent a volley wide after Leadbitter's corner had been cleared four minutes later, but the visitors should have been in front with 57 minutes gone.

Ward evaded Barragan's sliding challenge to pull the ball back and when Ashley Barnes stepped over the ball, Brady seemed certain to score, but dragged his left-foot effort wide.

Valdes had to pluck Ben Mee's goal-bound header from underneath his bar six minutes later with Burnley pressing for the breakthrough, but it took a magnificent reaction save from opposite number Heaton to keep out substitute Negredo's stinging volley from Downing's 67th-minute cross.

The Burnley keeper was on hand to field Adam Clayton's weak shot following substitute Adama Traore's mazy run and pull-back five minutes later, but there was further drama to come.

Referee Martin Atkinson, who had earlier booked Stephen Ward for an off-the-ball clash with Barragan, produced a yellow card for last man Michael Keane's foul on substitute Patrick Bamford with the home fans baying for a red.

But Matthew Lowton headed Downing's resulting free-kick off the line and Negredo saw a late strike chalked off for handball as the visitors clung on to their point.

Eden Hazard's wonderful finish carried Chelsea ever closer to the Premier League title as the Blues saw off Bournemouth 3-1 at Dean Court.

Leaders Chelsea maintained their seven-point cushion over Tottenham in all the style befitting champions-elect and now need at the most 15 points from seven matches to seal the silverware.

Diego Costa's effort forced an own goal from Adam Smith to hand Chelsea the lead, before Hazard outfoxed Artur Boruc for his 14th Premier League goal of the season.

Joshua King's deflected strike handed Bournemouth hope of a recovery, but Marcos Alonso's curling free kick sealed Chelsea's fifth win in six league matches.

Manchester City ended a run of four Premier League games without a win by easing to a comfortable 3-1 victory over relegation-threatened Hull.

An own goal from Ahmed Elmohamady put the hosts ahead at the Etihad Stadium before Sergio Aguero and Fabian Delph secured three important points in the race for Champions League qualification.

Hull, who had gone into the game with confidence after successive victories, were outplayed but managed a late consolation when City's recalled goalkeeper Claudio Bravo allowed an Andrea Ranocchia shot to slip through his grasp.

Until then it had been a quiet return for the Chilean, who was dropped in January after a series of poor performances and conceding six goals from six shots faced in back-to-back games against Everton and Tottenham.

Again, Hull's goal came from their only shot on target. The criticism of the 33-year-old will continue although the keeper could claim his view was obscured by John Stones.

But that was the only downside after a positive display from Pep Guardiola's team. Hull were well beaten but they at least remain outside the bottom three.

Romelu Lukaku's good form in front of goal at Goodison Park continued with a double as Everton's 4-2 victory over Leicester ended Foxes boss Craig Shakespeare's six-game winning run.

Lukaku maintained his run of scoring in every home match in 2017, a streak he extended to eight games as he took his Premier League tally to 23 goals, one more than Middlesbrough's total for the entire season.

It was already 2-1 to Leicester by the time he scored his first after a pulsating opening 10 minutes when Tom Davies, Islam Slimani and Marc Albrighton all netted, with Lukaku then levelling and later grabbing the Toffees' fourth after Phil Jagielka restored their lead before half-time.

This was the first time Leicester had failed to win since Shakespeare took over from Claudio Ranieri in February, though in making five changes to his starting XI he showed he was clearly prioritising Wednesday's trip to Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarterfinals.

With parts of the country enjoying the warmest day of the year, there may have been fears for this becoming a Sunday afternoon stroll, yet all of that was dispelled inside a frantic opening spell.

Goals from Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino dug Jurgen Klopp out of a hole as Liverpool came from behind to beat Stoke 2-1.

The Reds' top-four hopes appeared to have suffered a huge blow when Everton fan Jon Walters scored against his favourite opposition just before the break.

His seventh league goal -- the most he has scored against any Premier League team -- against the Merseysiders was scant reward for Stoke's first-half dominance.

Klopp's surprise decision to switch to a 3-5-2 formation with a weary Firmino alongside Coutinho, recovering from illness, on the bench destabilised his side and handed the initiative to their hosts.

Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored his 17th Premier League goal of the season to set Manchester United on course for a 3-0 victory over 10-man Sunderland which moves them up to fifth in the table.

Ibrahimovic put United on their way with a first-half strike at the Stadium of Light before Sebastian Larsson was dismissed for the hosts, with Henrikh Mkhitaryan adding a second shortly after the break and Marcus Rashford scoring late on to leave Jose Mourinho's men four points off the top four.

United, who had made five changes to their side, started the game the brighter and created their first opportunity after just two minutes, with Jesse Lingard taking aim at goal from the edge of the box only for Jordan Pickford to comfortably make a save.

After struggling initially, Sunderland began to get a foothold in the game around the 20-minute mark, with Bryan Oviedo sending a free kick straight at Sergio Romero, and Lee Cattermole doing the same with a hit from open play a few minutes later.

But United were soon back on top as Lingard again brought out a stop from Pickford with a low drive that the Sunderland keeper managed to tip round the post.

And on the half-hour mark, the visitors had found the breakthrough -- Ibrahimovic escaped his marker on the edge of the box before bending an excellent strike past Pickford into the bottom corner.

Fraser Forster's late heroics sealed a 1-0 win for Southampton against West Brom after Jordy Clasie bagged his first Premier League goal.

The pair combined to earn a deserved win for the Saints during a pedestrian game which only briefly came to life.

Southampton closed the gap on Albion to four points -- and they have two games in hand as the teams battle for eighth spot.

But Claude Puel's side only secured back-to-back wins thanks to goalkeeper Forster, who denied Craig Dawson and Jonny Evans in stoppage time.

In contrast, Albion were condemned to a second straight defeat and they have won just once in their last six games as their attempt to break the 50 points barrier for the first time in the Premier League continues to stutter.

The hosts rarely looked like scoring until the end -- but found Forster in inspired form.

Cheikhou Kouyate eased West Ham's relegation fears and lifted the pressure on manager Slaven Bilic as the Hammers beat Swansea 1-0.

The midfielder picked a timely moment to score his first Premier League goal of the season to sink Swansea.

Bilic has been feeling the heat after five straight defeats left West Ham in serious danger of being sucked into the battle at the bottom.

A sixth loss would have left them just two points ahead of Swansea, and possibly signalled the end for Bilic, but instead they can breathe easier after moving eight points clear of the drop zone.

For Swansea, a fifth consecutive away defeat leaves them in 18th, although they will at least be heartened by Hull losing at Manchester City to keep them in what increasingly appears to be two-horse race to avoid the last relegation spot.

Bilic was given another vote of confidence before the match by joint-chairman David Sullivan, who said the board have ``100 per cent faith'' in the Croatian.

The players, it seems, are also still behind him and were desperate for an early goal to ease some of the pressure, but found Swans goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski in no mood to help.

Michail Antonio's cross found the head of Robert Snodgrass, who was denied a first Hammers goal when Fabianski just managed to hold the ball on his goalline.

Son Heung-Min hit a brace as Tottenham kept their Premier League title ambitions alive with a comprehensive win over Watford at White Hart Lane.

With Mauricio Pochettino's men looking to reel in leaders Chelsea, top goal scorer Harry Kane was back on the bench less than a month after suffering an ankle injury.

But once again Spurs proved they do not need to rely on Kane's goals as Son struck either side of half-time to wrap up a convincing 4-0 win after quality finishes from Dele Alli and Eric Dier had set them on their way.

Tottenham, who also hit the crossbar three times, were never likely to suffer defeat against a Watford side plagued by injuries as Walter Mazzarri shuffled his pack with Troy Deeney only on the bench due to fatigue.

Liverpool let a lead slip away late on to draw 2-2 against Bournemouth and miss the chance to strengthen their grip on third place.

Goals from Philippe Coutinho, equalling Juninho's tally of 29 to become the joint top-scoring Brazilian in the Premier League, and Divock Origi appeared to have put the hosts on course to open up a six-point gap on fourth-placed Manchester City.

However, Josh King struck in the 87th minute, to follow Benik Afobe's early opener, as Bournemouth earned a point.

It was not the calamity which had consumed the Reds in the first meeting between the two sides four months ago when Jurgen Klopp's side twice squandered a two-goal lead to lose 4-3 but there was a feeling of deflation around Anfield at the final whistle.

This was the start of Liverpool's last eight matches all against teams lower than seventh -- just the sort of sides they have struggled against this season -- and without Sadio Mane, who has knee cartilage damage and is likely to be out for the remainder of the season, each one will be a test.

It took just seven minutes for Liverpool's troubles to manifest and it was all self-inflicted.

Maya Yoshida and James Ward-Prowse spared Shane Long's blushes as Southampton hit two goals in as many minutes to sink Crystal Palace 3-1 at St Mary's.

Republic of Ireland striker Long spurned a trio of gilt-edged chances and Saints were almost made to pay for that wastefulness, until Yoshida came to the rescue.

The defender's tap-in seven minutes from time turned this Premier League tie, after Christian Benteke and Nathan Redmond had traded first-half goals.

Saints laboured without the injured Manolo Gabbiadini, with Long unable to match the Italian's predatory instincts.

Palace so nearly took their unbeaten run to five matches, but somehow Saints salvaged victory -- with Yoshida claiming his first league goal since February 2016.

Eden Hazard scored twice as Chelsea fought off the challenge of Manchester City to take a step closer to the Premier League title with a 2-1 win at Stamford Bridge.

Antonio Conte's side showed resilience in responding from their surprise loss to Crystal Palace and the gap at the top remained seven points as second-placed Tottenham came from behind to win at Swansea.

Goalkeeping errors contributed to the opening goals as Hazard shot through Willy Caballero and Thibaut Courtois gifted City an equaliser, scored by Sergio Aguero.

Hazard saw a penalty saved by Caballero, but tucked in the follow up to give Chelsea a 2-1 half-time lead which they would not relinquish.

City poured forwards time and again in the second half and John Stones missed from three yards in stoppage time.

The visitors were ultimately undone by their first-half fragility. The excellent David Silva, in particular, did not deserve to experience defeat.

Should Pep Guardiola resolve the familiar failings this summer, City will surely challenge for the title next term.

City exposed flaws in Chelsea, but Conte's side are irrepressible -- none more so than Hazard.

Manchester United drew yet another league match at Old Trafford -- but the overriding emotion at the final whistle was relief rather than frustration after Zlatan Ibrahimovic struck a stoppage-time penalty against Everton.

Home toil has become a familiar theme for Jose Mourinho during his first season in the hot-seat and Ronald Koeman's men looked set to compound matters in Tuesday's Premier League match.

Phil Jagielka's hooked first-half effort put Everton on course for a win that would have seen them usurp United in fifth place, only for second-half pressure to finally pay dividends in stoppage time as Ibrahimovic's penalty secured a dramatic 1-1 draw.

It was a remarkable end to an enthralling encounter in which United struggled to turn dominance into goals, like so many matches this term.

Everton captain Jagielka appeared to have struck the decisive blow with his first goal since May 2015, with Ander Herrera and Paul Pogba hitting the crossbar as the hosts looked to respond.

However, United's intent finally came good in stoppage time as second-half introduction Luke Shaw -- just days after being publicly criticised by Mourinho -- saw a goalbound shot handled, leading to Ashley Williams' sending off and Ibrahimovic's successful spot-kick.

The result -- United's ninth home league draw of the campaign -- is far from ideal in the fight for the top four, but extends their unbeaten Premier League run to a 20th match.

Everton will be ruing what could have been after taking the lead after coping with a decent start by the home side.

Jesse Lingard tried to add another spectacular goal to his collection and Joel Robles put his Merseyside derby wobbles behind him to thwart Marcus Rashford with a fingertip stop, unaware offside had been called.

United edged the early exchanges, but Everton were playing with more attacking verve than plenty of Old Trafford visitors this term.

They soon kicked on and Kevin Mirallas fired a shot across the bows, forcing David de Gea into action at his near post with a fizzing, low effort from an acute angle.

The Spaniard pushed wide for a corner, but moments later saw the ball squirm through his legs. Jagielka was the unlikely scorer after Williams flicked on a corner, with the Everton captain hooking home under pressure.

Hull climbed out of the bottom three of the Premier League for the first time since October and shoved Middlesbrough closer towards relegation with a thrilling 4-2 win at the KCOM Stadium.

Oumar Niasse and Abel Hernandez gave Hull a two-goal cushion after team-mate Lazar Markovic had cancelled out Alvaro Negredo's early opener for Middlesbrough in a breath-taking first 45 minutes.

Boro hit back in first-half stoppage-time through Marten De Roon's controversial header before Harry Maguire headed Hull's fourth midway through the second period.

Victory was the Tigers' fifth in six home league games and lifted them two points above Swansea, while Boro, without a league win since Dec. 17, appear destined for a return to the Championship.

The Teessiders played their full part in a pulsating encounter, but are now seven points adrift of safety with eight games remaining.

Hull thought they had drawn first blood, but Niasse was deemed offside when he turned the ball home at the end of a slick move in the third minute and the first blow was landed by Boro two minutes later.

George Boyd's first-time finish put Burnley well on the way to Premier League safety as they ended an eight-match winless streak with victory over Stoke at Turf Moor.

Sean Dyche's Clarets had sunk back into the relegation story in recent weeks, having last tasted success against Leicester on January 31, but Boyd swept home his second of the season in the 58th minute, after good work from Jeff Hendrick, to earn a 1-0 win and some much-needed breathing space.

On 35 points with seven to play, Burnley have also overtaken their previous high watermark in the top flight - having gone down with 33 two years ago.

For Stoke it was a night of wasted opportunities, most notably Marko Arnautovic, who spurned a series of presentable chances with uncharacteristically sloppy footwork.

The first half suffered from a stark lack on inspiration in the final third but Stoke would still have counted themselves unlucky not to be in front at the interval.

That they were not was down primarily to Arnautovic's dreadful control around the box.

The Austrian playmaker is capable of dominating games like this when the mood takes him but that was emphatically not the case here. He squandered his first sight of goal after just five minutes, surprising even himself as he failed to bring the ball to heel.

Just before the half-hour Burnley were caught short at the back after a poor Steven Defour corner, with Charlie Adam and Saido Berahino combining to slip through Arnautovic.

At the very moment he looked to be eyeing up his spot he instead produced an errant touch and sent the ball trickling through to a grateful Tom Heaton.

And he completed a hat-trick of howlers just before the break after Berahino's clever touch put him through in the area, a weak connection and Joey Barton's intervention to blame on this occasion.

Elsewhere it was essentially a showcase for the central defensive arts. Michael Keane and Ben Mee threw their boots, bodies or heads at the ball whenever required, while Marc Muniesa offered a slightly more cultured take on the job at the other end.

Adam was also doing his best to make an impact on his first appearance since February 26. First he worked Heaton with a glancing header and then warmed his hands with a 25-yard drive.

Adam's second-half began rather less well, falling over attempting to take a corner then being penalised for handball as he scrambled to make amends.

He had a glorious chance to reclaim the high ground, racing into the area to meet Arnautovic's cutback only to steer wide as Defour applied pressure from behind.

Burnley soaked up one more chance - Arnautovic heading wide after another tee-up from Berahino - before forging an unlikely riposte.

Hendrick showed the spark of intent to burrow his way past a couple of weak challenges and lay the killer pass for Boyd, who swept home left-footed from 10 yards to leave Stoke flummoxed.

The goal lifted the Turf Moor crowd and the home team as a whole, with Dyche's precisely-drilled defence keeping the Potters at bay in a busy but unrefined denouement.

Leicester piled the misery on David Moyes and pushed Sunderland closer to relegation from the Premier League with a gritty 2-0 win.

Islam Slimani and Jamie Vardy scored to virtually guarantee the champions' own survival and cap a few days to forget for Black Cats boss Moyes.

The Scot's comments to a BBC reporter had left him facing a Football Association charge but he is also now staring at relegation with the Wearside club.

Efficient but not effective, the visitors battled hard but the result leaves them bottom -- eight points from safety with eight games left.

Leicester have now won six successive games in all competitions under boss Craig Shakespeare and have powered into the top 10 -- to sit nine points clear of the bottom three and banish fears of the drop.

Defeat was hard on Sunderland but they came up short after Moyes came into the game under fresh fire following his comment that a BBC reporter might "get a slap" following an interview after their draw with Burnley last month.

Moyes apologised for what he said to Vicki Sparks and the Black Cats issued a statement to say his comments were "wholly inappropriate."

Leicester looked to make him sweat early and Shinji Okazaki fired wide but Sunderland gave as good as they got until Jordan Pickford turned Robert Huth's header over after 15 minutes.

The Black Cats, combative even if they lacked quality, did briefly threaten but Jack Rodwell headed well wide before a scrappy game drifted into midfield limbo.

Despite the champions' winning streak they could not find the space or imagination to break Sunderland down with Vardy touching the ball just nine times in the first half.

Lee Cattermole, back from injury for his first appearance since September, was booked for trying to chop down Demarai Gray as he threatened to break but the fact the Leicester man then overran the ball summed up a uninspiring opening 45 minutes.

Sunderland, though, won the midfield battle with Cattermole, Rodwell and the impressive Didier Ndong upsetting the Foxes every time they tried to find a rhythm.

Gray did at least force England Under-21 team-mate Pickford into a save two minutes before the break, the goalkeeper turning his effort wide, but it was a rare moment of excitement.

Fabio Borini's shot was blocked soon after the restart and Jermain Defoe, who had barely seen the ball, hooked a volley straight at Kasper Schmeichel after 58 minutes.

Leicester's fans vented their frustration at the hosts' inability to break the bottom side down and there was little to suggest there would be any breakthrough until Slimani finally did on 69 minutes.

The striker had only been on the pitch seven minutes but he combined with fellow substitute Marc Albrighton to nod in the winger's cross from six yards.

It was his first club goal of 2017 but Sunderland almost levelled eight minutes later when Victor Anichebe hit the post before Vardy wrapped up victory with 12 minutes left.

Again it was Albrighton who made it with a lung-busting run and, when Sunderland failed to track Vardy, he found the top corner from 15 yards.

Tottenham kept their Premier League title ambitions alive by staging an extraordinary late show at relegation-threatened Swansea.

Swansea led from Spurs old boy Wayne Routledge's 11th-minute goal through to the 88th minute as it looked like Mauricio Pochettino's men would slip 10 points behind leaders Chelsea.

But Dele Alli equalised with his 15th league goal of the season before Son Heung-Min and Christian Eriksen struck in added time to complete a remarkable 3-1 victory -- their fifth successive league win.

This could prove a costly defeat for Swansea, who now drop into the relegation zone with seven games left to play.

The day had began badly for Tottenham with their captain Hugh Lloris taken unwell at the team hotel after lunch, and former Swansea No. 1 Michel Vorm had to take over.

Swansea were almost punished for dwelling on the ball twice within the opening four minutes as Spurs broke at speed.

Alfie Mawson did well to block Son's goalbound shot but this to be a first half when Spurs were crying out for the finishing touch of the absent Harry Kane. Kyle Walker whipped in a couple of delicious crosses into the six-yard box but no Spurs player had gambled on the ball coming in.

Kyle Naughton had Swansea's first shot in anger but it was another former Tottenham player who was to open the scoring after 11 minutes.

Lukasz Fabianski's long punt down field caught Spurs napping as Jordan Ayew raced on to the goalkeeper's clearance.

Ayew held off Ben Davies to cross from the byline and Routledge, on a night when he became a Swansea record-breaker with his 182nd Premier League appearance for the club, reacted quickly to score from close range.

Spurs responded well with Alli almost equalising after an outrageous spot of ball-juggling and Eriksen testing Fabianski with a 20-yarder which dipped in front of him.

But Spurs struggled to break down a well-drilled Swansea unit who were happy to defend deep and utilise the strength and pace of Ayew on the break.

Ayew was again deputising for injured top scorer Fernando Llorente, but the Ghana striker was far more of a threat than he had been in Sunday's stalemate against Middlesbrough.

Spurs had pretty much wandered down blind alleys until Eriksen began to locate his passing radar close to half-time.

Eriksen slid Davies beyond the Swansea defence with a wonderful pass but the Welshman's cut-back was wildly sent over the crossbar by Son.

Both sides had penalty appeals at the start of the second half, Ayew tumbling to the floor and Son insisting that Federico Fernandez had handled his shot, but referee Jonathan Moss was unmoved on both occasions.

Spurs were enjoying the majority of possession but they were almost caught out when Naughton reached Mawson's terrific cross-field ball and his effort deflected inches wide off Davies.

Swansea were defending as if their lives depended on it and they had another attacker to worry about when Vincent Janssen was sent on just after the hour mark.

Janssen's arrival saw Son switch to the left and he fired straight at Fabianski as Spurs began to lay siege to the Swansea goal.

Alli's flick sent Janssen charging through on goal, but Fabianski bravely blocked at his feet and it looked as if that was the end of the Poland goalkeeper's night.

Fabianski groggily got to his feet and immediately kept out an Alli header, and insisted he was fine to continue as the substitutes' board went up with his number on.

It looked all over for Spurs, but then Alli tapped home Eriksen's deflected cross and Son burst on to Janssen's pass to score in the first minute of stoppage time.

The outstanding Eriksen then had the final word by beating Fabianski with a low shot, and the Tottenham title dream remains alive.

Troy Deeney scored his 100th league goal for Watford as the 10-man Hornets climbed to ninth in the Premier League with a 2-0 win over West Brom.

M'Baye Niang's stunning early strike put Watford in front at Vicarage Road before Deeney doubled his side's advantage with a scruffy finish soon after half-time.

Hornets defender Miguel Britos was shown a second yellow card for bringing down Salomon Rondon with 25 minutes left but the hosts held on to register back-to-back league victories for only the third time this season.

The result means Watford sit seven points behind eighth-placed West Brom in the table, although the Baggies have played one game fewer.

Perhaps more importantly, Walter Mazzarri's men are now 10 points clear of the relegation zone and while yet to reach the hallowed 40-point mark, they can realistically start planning for a third consecutive season in the top flight.

Both these sides appear to have played in fits and starts this term and the outcome could have been very different had Nacer Chadli given West Brom an early lead.

The Belgian's first finish, however, was blocked by Watford goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes and as the ball spun up he failed to guide the volley into the open net from an acute angle.

It proved a costly miss because in the 13th minute the Hornets took the lead. Deeney's flick-on ended up at the feet of Niang, who drifted in-field off the left before unleashing a stinging shot past Ben Foster and into the far corner.

West Brom spent most of the next 20 minutes chasing shadows but Chadli almost equalised when his bending free-kick from 30 yards clipped the outside of the post.

Tempers frayed at the end of the first period and a frustrated James McClean was fortunate to escape with only a yellow card when he kicked out at Jose Holebas.

The winger did not survive the interval as Pulis sent out Matt Phillips for the second period while Watford had also been forced into a change as a hobbling Sebastian Prodl came off for Daryl Janmaat.

Within four minutes of the restart, however, the Hornets doubled their advantage.

Niang was involved again, this time provider as he whipped a ball downfield from the left and Deeney was able to chest down and slide a finish under Foster.

The West Brom goalkeeper jumped tentatively out of the way and should have done better.

Chadli drove a first-time volley wide at the back post but West Brom's best hope came when Britos was sent off in the 65th minute.

Already booked, the defender got caught in a foot-race against the pacey Rondon and when the striker fell in the tussle, referee Paul Tierney was quick to produce a second yellow card.

If anything, however, the decision appeared to rally Watford to the cause and West Brom never really looked like mounting a fightback.

Allan Nyom, formerly of Watford and castigated throughout by his old fans, fired off a shot in stoppage time but it was blocked by his own team-mate Phillips to bring a suitable end to a miserable night for the visitors.

Arsenal returned to winning ways with a solid victory over West Ham as a fifth straight defeat plunged Slaven Bilic's side deeper into the fight for Premier League survival.

Both sides went into this London derby in dire form but it was the Gunners who addressed that and ultimately ran out comfortable 3-0 victors, marking their first league win since Feb. 11.

After a dull first half, Mesut Ozil marked his 150th Arsenal appearance with a tame opening goal before laying on the second for Theo Walcott. Olivier Giroud came off the bench to score the goal of the night.

A late missed penalty from Harry Arter cost Bournemouth victory as they drew 0-0 at Southampton.

Arter struck well over the crossbar when he could have secured all three points.

The draw leaves Bournemouth 11th in the Premier League and level on 34 points with their 10th-placed rivals, who have two games in hand. They are now seven points clear of the bottom three.

Following a week in which Southampton's Dusan Tadic had complained about the frequency with which Claude Puel substitutes him, the midfielder was gifted the game's first chance.

He found himself with time and space to run on the edge of the area in the fourth minute but sent his left-footed shot high and wide.

Bournemouth's Dan Gosling shot over from similar territory in the 29th minute after goalkeeper Fraser Forster's unconvincing punch.

Shortly afterwards, Southampton's Steven Davis was forced into clearing off the line after Andrew Surman touched Ryan Fraser's right-wing corner beyond Forster, and from that point each team provided regular threat.

Promising build-up play on the right wing between James Ward-Prowse and Cedric created space for the latter to cross to Tadic and, after Jay Rodriguez had dummied, the midfielder curled wide of the left post.

Tadic then played a classy ball over the top of the Bournemouth defence towards Rodriguez, whose shot was tipped away by the diving Artur Boruc.

In the 61st minute, the visitors' in-form Joshua King played Benik Afobe through, but despite time and space he shot inches wide.

Nathan Redmond responded by running through midfield and testing Boruc with a long-range strike, with Ward-Prowse sending the rebound wide as a goal continued to elude Southampton.

Puel responded by replacing Rodriguez and Ward-Prowse with Sofiane Boufal and Shane Long almost immediately afterwards, and the latter soon shot just wide after another Tadic through-ball.

Bournemouth replaced King with Jack Wilshere before striking the post when Adam Smith's shot from the edge of the area took a deflection off Ryan Bertrand.

In the 78th minute, Bertrand seemed unfortunate to be penalised when referee Jonathan Moss awarded the visitors a penalty when Fraser went down in the area after slight contact off the ball.

The stage was set for a Bournemouth victory but Arter -- much like David Beckham for England against Portugal at Euro 2004 -- instead shot embarrassingly over the crossbar.

Crystal Palace stunned Chelsea with a 2-1 win to give the Blues' Premier League title rivals hope and their survival prospects a major boost.

Runaway leaders Chelsea had not conceded twice since losing 2-0 at Tottenham at January 4, but were breached twice in three minutes after taking a fifth-minute lead through Cesc Fabregas.

Wilfried Zaha and Christian Benteke gave the Eagles a 2-1 lead after 11 minutes and a brilliant team performance from Sam Allardyce's men earned a fourth straight win to improve their survival hopes.

Zaha and Benteke -- known to be admired by Chelsea boss Antonio Conte -- excelled, as did goalkeeper Wayne Hennessey as Chelsea's 13-game winning home run ended.

The Blues -- beaten for the first time at Stamford Bridge since September's loss to Liverpool and just a second time in 18 games under Conte -- now lead second-placed Tottenham by seven points with nine games to go.

Still 21 points are needed to win the title, while rivals Manchester City visit on Wednesday.

Palace won 2-1 here last season -- for the first time in 33 years -- but these are different times from the dysfunctional days late in Jose Mourinho's reign.

Allardyce's Palace withstood wave after wave of Chelsea attacks and 11 minutes of stoppage time, with Hennessey continually called upon.

There was an element of good fortune for Palace as well as Andros Townsend was fortunate not to concede a penalty when Pedro's shot struck his arm after just 17 minutes.

Liverpool moved into third place in the Premier League as they comfortably beat neighbours Everton 3-1 in the Merseyside derby at Anfield -- but were hit by an injury to Sadio Mane.

The home side made the brighter start at Anfield and were rewarded with the opening goal after only eight minutes.

It arrived in style as Mane took possession and drove towards the penalty area, cutting past two defenders before firing a low shot into the corner across a motionless Joel Robles.

Everton were struggling to establish any rhythm as the challenges flew in and Philippe Coutinho almost made them pay again after 19 minutes when his shot was stopped by Robles and the loose ball was headed clear from close to the line.

An Emre Can challenge on Ross Barkley gave Leighton Baines a chance from 25 yards, only for the defender to fire a tame free kick straight into the wall.

Out of nowhere, Everton were level after 28 minutes when Everton failed to deal with a corner and Matthew Pennington, on his first start of the season, stabbed home the loose ball in front of the Kop.

But Pennington's joy was short-lived as, within three minutes, he was turned inside the penalty area by Coutinho, who curled an outstanding finish beyond Robles to restore Liverpool's lead.

Five minutes before the break, Ross Barkley was arguably fortunate to escape a red card when he allowed the ball to run away from him and lunged in on Dejan Lovren.

Referee Anthony Taylor, who had booked Everton's Tom Davies earlier, opted only to issue another yellow as a feisty first half ended with Liverpool holding a deserved advantage.

Everton began the second with purpose and could have levelled just two minutes in when Ashley Williams steered the ball goalwards from a free kick but saw the effort stopped by Simon Mignolet.

Liverpool suffered a blow after 53 minutes when Mane, the scorer of the opening goal, fell awkwardly and was unable to continue, with Divock Origi coming on to replace him.

But just before the hour, Origi made it 3-1 to put the hosts in complete control, running on to a fine pass from Coutinho and blasting a finish over Robles as the Everton goalkeeper raced rashly towards him.

Everton manager Ronald Koeman took off Tom Davies and Matthew Pennington and replaced them with Enner Valencia and Gareth Barry, and saw his side come close to pulling a goal back when a deflected strike from Mason Holgate was well stopped by Mignolet.

Youngster Trent Alexander-Arnold replaced the outstanding Coutinho as Jurgen Klopp opted to make a change with just over 15 minutes remaining.

Alexander-Arnold had a shot pushed away by Robles, although the effort may have been heading wide in any case, before Roberto Firmino produced a fine turn to get away down the left only to over-hit his cross.

Alexander-Arnold saw another effort stopped by Robles as the game moved into its final moments and the home side saw the remaining time out comfortably in spring sunshine at Anfield.

Arsenal twice came back from a goal down to ease some of the pressure on manager Arsene Wenger in an entertaining 2-2 draw at the Emirates.

A high-stakes afternoon for Arsenal got off to the worst possible start as they found themselves behind after only five minutes.

After a bright start from City -- who offered early indications of the threat their attacking pace would pose -- a superb pass from Kevin De Bruyne unhinged the Arsenal defence and enabled Leroy Sane to power his way past Hector Bellerin and around David Ospina to open the scoring.

Jesus Navas, playing at full-back for City, picked up a yellow card for a crude challenge on Nacho Monreal before his side came within a whisker of going two goals up with less than 10 minutes played.

This time, De Bruyne saw an effort from the edge of the box crash back off the post before Ospina made a good stop to deny David Silva from the rebound.

Francis Coquelin went into the book after 15 minutes for a foul on Silva as the jittery home side struggled to settle into the game.

But Arsene Wenger's team rallied to produce their first moment of danger soon afterwards as Alexis Sanchez steered a pass towards Mesut Ozil inside the penalty area and his shot on the turn was held by Willy Cabellero.

The home side's Granit Xhaka became the next player booked, for a challenge on Nicolas Otamendi, and there were growing signs of frustration from sections of the home support as Arsenal failed to trouble their visitors with some aimless deliveries into the area.

As the half ticked towards its final five minutes, John Stones got up to meet a City corner but steered his header wide of the far post.

Within moments Arsenal were level as Theo Walcott, played onside by Gael Clichy, stabbed a finish past Cabellero after City had failed to deal with a corner -- but that parity lasted for less than two minutes.

Arsenal were the architects of their own downfall as, after De Bruyne had hit the post again with a deflected effort, they spurned two clear chances to get the ball away and were made to pay when Silva played in Aguero to fire an angled finish past Ospina.

Walcott almost brought Arsenal level again in first half stoppage time as he controlled the ball just inside the area before sending a dipping volley onto the roof of the net.

Wenger was forced into a half-time substitution as defender Laurent Koscielny, who had appeared to be in discomfort at the end of the first period, was replaced by Gabriel.

City, meanwhile, replaced Raheem Sterling with Yaya Toure and could have given themselves a 3-1 cushion soon after the restart when Navas flighted a cross towards Aguero who, unmarked, could only thump a header wide of the post.

And he was made to pay for that missed chance when Arsenal levelled for a second time after 53 minutes when Shkodran Mustafi was left alone in the area to head an Ozil corner powerfully beyond Caballero.

As Pep Guardiola's side looked to respond, Ospina made a good save to push away a Fernandinho drive, following it up a few moments later with a sharp catch as Aguero glanced a header toward the far corner.

After 67 minutes, Wenger brought striker Olivier Giroud into the fray and Walcott, the scorer of the first equaliser, was taken off.

Another change followed soon afterwards as Alex Iwobi came on for Danny Welbeck, but the pace of the game had slowed and neither side was creating attacking momentum with their earlier frequency.

With five minutes remaining, Silva fired a skidding low shot wide of the post for City before Iwobi blasted an effort high over the top for the home side and Navas sliced well wide at the other end.

City appealed strongly for a late penalty when they felt Nacho Monreal had handled inside the area under pressure from Navas -- but the referee waved those requests away.

The result means Arsenal have now one only once in six Premier League games and remain seven points behind fourth-placed City.

Swansea and Middlesbrough shared a goalless draw at the Liberty Stadium -- a result that does little to alleviate either's Premier League relegation worries.

Hull's victory over West Ham on Saturday left Swansea outside the drop zone only on superior goal difference.

Middlesbrough's position is more precarious -- five points adrift of Swansea, albeit with a game in hand -- and they might come to rue substitute Rudy Gestede failing to take the best chance of the match in stoppage time.

A match that highlighted the failings of both sides in front of goal will only serve to encourage the teams around them.

There was no shortage of endeavour or commitment, but neither team could provide the defining moment of quality that would have meant so much.

Swansea suffered a blow before kick-off when top scorer Fernando Llorente was ruled out with a calf problem.

But Boro had to withstand an early Swansea flurry in which Martin Olsson fired an angled shot over and Ayew stung Victor Valdes' palms from 20 yards.

But the Middlesbrough defence stood increasingly firm, the real moments of Swansea danger in the first half coming from Gylfi Sigurdsson's expert dead-ball delivery.

Boro's threat was also fleeting in a first period which started brightly but quietened down.

They looked to utilise the pace of Adama Traore on the break, one such lightning raid ending with Leroy Fer cautioned for a cynical trip.

Alvaro Negredo and Stewart Downing had shots blocked in the same attack, the former bringing optimistic appeals for a penalty after the Spaniard's shot had struck the arm of Alfie Mawson.

But the Swansea defender's arm was in a natural position and referee Bobby Madley was not interested in pointing to the spot.

Tom Carroll went close to breaking the deadlock with a 25-yard drive that whistled past the post as Boro reorganised with targetman Gestede replacing the injured Gaston Ramirez.

The game's most dangerous moments centred around the two best players, Sigurdsson and Traore.

Sigurdsson had one tame effort before the Iceland international produced a delicious touch to find a yard of space and unleash a 25-yard piledriver that Valdes stretched to push away.

At the other end Traore dragged his shot wide before outpacing Mawson and picking out Adam Clayton at the far post.

Clayton headed the ball down into the path of Negredo, but Lukasz Fabianski was out quickly from his goal to prevent the striker from profiting.

Negredo had another opening after 75 minutes when Gestede nodded down Bernado Espinosa's long ball into his path.

He did well to hold off Mawson but he was off balance when he took a shot which ended wide of Fabianski's goal.

Swansea had late opportunities when Sigurdsson's free-kick was deflected wide -- the hosts believing a penalty might have been awarded after the ball had struck a Boro arm -- and Mawson's goalbound header was cleared by Marten de Roon.

But Gestede wasted an even better chance at the death when he sent his far-post header wide.

Leicester edged closer to certain Premier League safety as boss Craig Shakespeare entered the record books after a routine win over Stoke.

Wilfred Ndidi and Jamie Vardy handed the Foxes a 2-0 victory over a subdued Stoke side who rarely threatened to upset the home side's momentum.

It was Leicester's fifth straight win in all competitions since Claudio Ranieri was sacked and meant Shakespeare became the first English manager to win his first four Premier League games.

He joined Guus Hiddink, Jose Mourinho, Pep Guardiola and Carlo Ancelotti in having a 100 per cent record after four outings.

Shakespeare has now guided last season's shock champions nine points clear of the relegation zone and into the Champions League quarter-finals.

He also has them back to their vibrant best with hapless Stoke, who remain ninth, unable to cope and the Foxes now sit just three points behind them.

Leicester set an early tone when Yohan Benalouane - in his first league appearance at the King Power Stadium since the opening day of last season - dragged wide.

The Foxes bossed possession with the visitors trying to remain compact but Stoke were indebted to Erik Pieters after 18 minutes.

Ryan Shawcross poleaxed Demarai Gray and, from Christian Fuchs' free-kick, Pieters nodded Robert Huth's goalbound header away and Vardy missed the follow-up.

Gray then drilled wide but the Foxes got the goal their early domination deserved after 25 minutes with Ndidi's first Premier League strike.

The midfielder collected Danny Simpson's simple pass before advancing and unleashing an unstoppable 25-yard drive into the top corner.

Sunderland were shoved another step closer to relegation as Miguel Britos fired Watford to a 1-0 victory.

Uruguayan defender Britos headed his first Hornets goal to leave David Moyes' strugglers still seven points adrift of safety and with games running out.

Watford had been frustrated by Sunderland keeper Jordan Pickford, who made a string of fine saves to deny M'Baye Niang and Abdoulaye Doucoure.

But Pickford could not prevent Britos pouncing after a goalmouth scramble to condemn Sunderland to another defeat.

One goal is all you need to beat the Black Cats at the moment, as they have now not scored in their last five matches and not even Jermain Defoe, fresh from his England renaissance, looked likely to end their drought.

By contrast, a first win in five matches should ease Watford's fears of being dragged into trouble.

Pickford was quickly into the action for Sunderland, the youngster palming Niang's shot away before making a stunning, diving save to scoop Doucoure's follow-up over the crossbar.

Stefano Okaka should have put Watford ahead with a free header which he planted over, before Etienne Capoue curled narrowly wide.

Tottenham Hotspur cut Chelsea's lead at the Premier League's summit to seven points after becoming only the fourth top-flight side to win at Burnley this season.

Spurs were 13 points adrift prior to kick-off against Southampton two weeks ago but Chelsea's loss at Crystal Palace, coupled with this 2-0 success, has given Mauricio Pochettino's side hope.

After Harry Winks had been stretchered off with an injury at half-time, Eric Dier and substitute Heung-Min Son scored in the space of 11 second-half minutes to prevent Burnley from getting the point they needed to equal their highest-ever Premier League haul.

This was the first Turf Moor game in six weeks since Lincoln City knocked the Clarets out of the FA Cup, and Spurs were aiming to join the non-league outfit in being the only victorious visitors since November.

It was familiar terrain for ex-Burnley defender Kieran Trippier, making only his second league start of the campaign as one of three Spurs changes along with Winks and Vincent Janssen.

Spurs were unbeaten in their previous six top-flight meetings without Harry Kane, but this was the first time summer signing Janssen had been entrusted with a league start in 2017.

Tottenham failed to threaten until the 32nd minute, when Dele Alli spurned a glorious opening.

After Christian Eriksen waltzed beyond Ben Mee and fired at goal from a narrow angle, Tom Heaton's save came to Alli, who somehow blazed over from eight yards.

That was as close as either side came during the first half as Spurs' rhythm was disrupted by the loss of two central midfielders in the space of four minutes.

Victor Wanyama was the first to be forced off after landing awkwardly before Winks suffered his injury.

The 21-year-old caught Stephen Ward as he cut inside and then jarred his left leg on the turf near the Burnley dugout, rolling beside Sean Dyche's bench where he remained until the interval.

A stretcher took him off during the half-time period and Pochettino rejigged his system for the second half by pushing Dier further forward.

There was an immediate improvement as a combination of Heaton and Ward kept out Janssen and substitute Moussa Sissoko, while Ben Davies also drew Burnley's goalkeeper into a decent stop at his near post.

Sissoko lashed a loose ball into the stand, but thankfully for the Spurs fans housed there, Dier displayed plenty of control with a measured finish in the 66th minute.

Eriksen's corner was cleared to him by Jeff Hendrick and he steadied himself to place the ball past Scott Arfield on the line at the far post.

A brief Burnley response looked likely as Michael Keane and Arfield fired over, yet a second Spurs goal 11 minutes after the opener put the result to bed.

Eriksen's pass over the top released Alli and he rolled a glorious pass across for Son to apply a simple finish.

Alli might have had a hat trick with another two efforts going narrowly wide of either post.

Manchester United stumbled at a crucial time in the race for the top four as well-drilled West Brom became the latest side to hold Jose Mourinho side to an Old Trafford draw.

No team can match United's unbeaten Premier League run stretching all the way back to October, nor can any other side rival their unerring knack at dominating games only to draw.

West Brom were the eighth side to leave Old Trafford with a share of the spoils this season, securing a 0-0 draw against a United side that once more failed to eke out victory.

Hull, Stoke and Burnley are among the others to have frustrated Mourinho's men on home soil, leaving them scrapping for a top-four finish rather than the title.

The Europa League may offer United their best chance of a Champions League return at this rate, with West Brom sitting deep and standing firm to thwart the dominant hosts.

The absence of Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Paul Pogba, Juan Mata and Ander Herrera no doubt impacted things on an afternoon when a drab first period made way for a desperate second.

Darren Fletcher hit the bar late on after a hopeful drive slipped through David de Gea's grasp, but it was Ben Foster, another former United player, who shone brightest as United drew an 11th league match of the season.

Mourinho will no doubt bemoan a lack of cutting edge and key absentees that saw Matthew Willock named in the squad for the first time - a decision that makes England left-back Luke Shaw omission all the more puzzling.

Tony Pulis' men strangled the life out of the toothless hosts in the first half. Neither Jesse Lingard's half volley or a deflected Anthony Martial effort troubled, with Marcus Rashford found wanting positionally from several crosses.

The best chance of an uninspiring opening period came on the half-hour mark as Martial leapt at the far post to meet a fine Lingard cross, only to direct his header wide.

Boos at the break seemed to be aimed at Mike Dean as much as anything, with the referee confronted as Martial pointed out a lump beneath his eye sustained late in the first half.

United returned with a change in mentality if not personnel, piling on the pressure from the outset.

Aside from Eric Bailly throwing himself in front of a scuffed Fletcher shot, there was precious little respite for the visitors as Henrikh Mkhitaryan was denied by a last-ditch challenge and Marouane Fellaini missed the follow-up.

A drive from Martial skipped wide via a slight deflection off Jake Livermore, while Mkhitaryan chased down a clearance only to see his clipped effort denied by Foster.

The former United goalkeeper produced a superb one-handed save to deny Rashford as the pressure increased, with Wayne Rooney's introduced in a bid to sway the fixture.

Calls for Allan Nyom to be handed a second booking were waved away before Fletcher's rasping strike crept through De Gea's hands and hit the crossbar.

United were on top, though, and they pushed hard for a late winner, with a Rashford free-kick denied wonderfully by man-of-the-match Foster.

Claudio Yacob and Fellaini's heads came together as tempers frayed, with the final whistle greeted by boos.

Andrea Ranocchia's late winner earned Hull another crucial home win in the fight to preserve their Premier League status and heaped more pressure on West Ham boss Slaven Bilic.

Italian defender Ranocchia, signed on loan from Inter Milan in January, headed home in the 85th minute to secure Hull a 2-1 win at the KCOM Stadium after Andrew Robertson's strike after the break had cancelled out West Ham striker Andy Carroll's landmark opener.

Victory for Hull was their fourth in five unbeaten league games at home under head coach Marco Silva and lifted them level on points with relegation rivals Swansea, who play Middlesbrough on Sunday, while West Ham slumped to a fourth straight defeat.

The visit of West Ham had been billed as the return of winger Robert Snodgrass, sold to the Londoners for B£10.2million in January, but the Scot made little impact and was withdrawn in the second half.

Snodgrass was booed every time he was on the ball, but almost silenced the Tigers fans in the 13th minute when he headed Sofiane Feghouli's bouncing right-wing cross straight at goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic.

Neither side had mustered an effort on goal until that point, but West Ham took the lead with their next chance five minutes later.

Hull skipper Curtis Davies misjudged his headed clearance from Aaron Cresswell's excellent cross and, as the ball dropped invitingly for Carroll six yards out, the big number nine kept his composure to side-foot home on the volley for his 50th Premier League goal and seventh of the season.

Jakupovic denied West Ham a second soon after when he turned away Manuel Lanzini's dipping, low shot from outside the area.

Hull tried to rally and only some desperate defending denied Oumar Niasse a shooting chance in the area after Sam Clucas' clever backheel, but the home side failed to trouble Darren Randolph at all in the first period.

An out-of-sorts Davies was withdrawn for winger Kamil Grosicki at the interval as Silva looked to inject some vigour into his side and not for the first time this season his tactical switch paid dividends.

Hull's best move of the match saw Lazar Markovic link well with Grosicki and the latter slipped in a marauding Robertson to run on into the area and bury a low left-footed shot into the bottom corner for a 53rd-minute equaliser.

Carroll's thumping header was then instinctively saved by Jakupovic, but the Tigers had stirred at last and all of a sudden West Ham looked rattled.

Hull threatened again when Alfred N'Diaye's right-footed effort hit a post and Grosicki fired the rebound wide.

Both sides chased the winner. Feghouli headed Lanzini's cross wide and then spurned another chance when firing off target, but it was Hull who cashed in on their momentum.

Silva sent on midfielder Markus Henriksen and Shaun Maloney for Abel Hernandez and N'Diaye with 10 minutes left and three minutes later his side snatched the lead.

Grosicki curled in a corner from the left and Ranocchia rose 10 yards out at the near post and directed a fine header beyond Randolph into the opposite corner.

Carroll and team-mate Sam Byram were both off target in the closing stages as West Ham chased an equaliser, but Bilic's side fell short and are now just six points above the drop zone.

Craig Dawson's double piled more pressure on Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger as the Gunners lost 3-1 at West Bromwich Albion.

The defender and substitute Hal Robson-Kanu, who scored just 75 seconds after coming on, inflicted a sixth loss on the beleaguered Wenger in his last nine games.

Alexis Sanchez's 18th Premier League goal of the season had cancelled out Dawson's opener but the Gunners remain five points adrift of the top four with their hopes of Champions League qualification in the balance.

They also lost Petr Cech to injury and replacement David Ospina was at fault for Robson-Kanu's goal after colliding with Hector Bellerin.

Off the pitch, Arsenal fans' civil war continued as two planes with the opposing banners "In Arsene We Trust #respectaw" and "No Contract #wengerout" flew over The Hawthorns.

The manager, out of contract in the summer, remains a divisive figure and came under fire from the travelling fans who called for his exit, unfurled several "Wenger Out" banners and criticised his late substitution of Sanchez.

For the Baggies, they equalled last season's points tally of 43, and recovered from successive defeats to keep their Europa League hopes alive.

And they deserved the victory from the moment when Dawson headed them in front after 12 minutes.

Albion had scored 16 goals from set-pieces this season, more than any team in the Premier League, and made it 17 when Dawson rose above Laurent Koscielny and glanced in Nacer Chadli's corner.

It came after Cech had beaten away James McClean's fierce drive but the goalkeeper was left exposed as the Gunners failed to deal with Chadli's delivery.

But Arsenal hit back just 165 seconds later when Sanchez was left completely unmarked -- thanks to Chadli failing to check his run -- to collect Granit Xhaka's floated ball and fire in off the crossbar from eight yards.

It completed a 19-pass move but the Gunners could not maintain their momentum as the Baggies shut up shop again.

With Jonny Evans outstanding at the back, the hosts held firm and Cech was the busier of the two goalkeepers before his premature exit.

He turned Darren Fletcher's half-volley wide on 35 minutes after the Gunners' defence had gone to sleep in his last action of the day. Minutes later he pulled up after playing the ball out of defence and was replaced by Ospina.

The delay killed the game -- despite McClean receiving a caution for a rash tackle on Sanchez -- and it drifted to the break with little action.

Despite all of Arsenal's possession, the hosts looked the most dangerous against the Gunners' fragile backline and Salomon Rondon headed wide six minutes after the break.

And the Baggies did regain the lead after 55 minutes through Robson-Kanu's second touch after he replaced Rondon, now without a goal since Dec. 14.

Again, the Gunners defence were at fault when Ospina came to collect a cross, clattered into Bellerin and the ball fell to Robson-Kanu to prod in.

Arsenal complained McClean, who was behind Bellerin and then stepped over the ball as it rolled in, was offside but the goal stood.

This time, the Gunners failed to hit back instantly but the previously anonymous Danny Welbeck did smack the bar after 65 minutes as Albion were momentarily breached.

Chadli's drive was then cleared off the line by Shkodran Mustafi after Robson-Kanu caused more problems, before the Baggies wrapped up the victory with 15 minutes left.

Another corner was Arsenal's undoing as they allowed Dawson to power in unmarked from six yards -- his third goal in four games.

There was no coming back for the Gunners and Wenger was subjected to chants of "you don't know what you're doing" when Sanchez was replaced by Alex Iwobi -- with several 'Wenger Out' banners visible at the end.

Tom Heaton denied Sunderland a dramatic late winner as David Moyes' men were left mired in relegation trouble after spurning a series of chances against Burnley at the Stadium of Light.

Heaton saved well from Fabio Borini in the 87th minute while Billy Jones and Sebastian Larsson also missed fine opportunities as the Clarets recorded only their third away point of the season.

Burnley themselves will be disappointed not to go home with the points with Ashley Barnes prodding their best chance wide in the first period and substitute Sam Vokes coming close late on.

Chelsea's march towards the Premier League title continued as they extended their lead to 13 points thanks to Gary Cahill's 87th-minute winner at Stoke.

They had a tough assignment in the Potteries, made all the more difficult due to Eden Hazard's absence through injury, but Cahill, who had earlier given away a penalty, smashed in late on in a 2-1 victory at a venue where a November loss last season had seen the Blues slip to 16th.

Willian had given them the lead here with a free kick only for the Potters to draw level through Jonathan Walters' penalty in a fiery contest that featured Diego Costa as its chief antagonist, though it was Phil Bardsley who saw red in stoppage time.

Costa had looked to be in one of those moods from the start as he clashed with Ryan Shawcross, Geoff Cameron and Bruno Martins Indi and got short shrift from referee Anthony Taylor each time.

The man in the middle was rightly interested when Marcos Alonso was bundled over by Marko Arnautovic around five yards from the right-hand side of the box.

It looked like the perfect opportunity to deliver a cross, but Willian had other ideas and whipped his free kick around the two-man wall and past Lee Grant, who should have done better than to just help the shot on its way in.

Not even that could improve Costa's demeanour, though. He threw himself to the ground once more and popped up to rant at Taylor when he did not get a free kick, earning a caution for dissent in the process.

Already Antonio Conte seemed sufficiently concerned about his striker's mental state as he sent Michy Batshuayi out to warm up.

Grant prevented it from becoming 2-0 by parrying Alonso's effort and Stoke thought they had levelled in the 34th minute when Joe Allen's corner was headed on by Cameron and then into the net by Martins Indi.

However, the assistant's flag went up -- possibly for offside against Saido Berahino, who could also have been punished for a push on Pedro. Whatever the reason, the goal did not stand.

And Stoke benefited from a contentious call three minutes later having been given a penalty as Walters went to ground having been nudged there by Cahill.

Everton striker Romelu Lukaku ended the week how he had started it - in the headlines - with two goals in the 4-0 win over 10-man Hull.

On Tuesday the Belgium international told the club he would not be signing the new £140,000-a-week contract to make him the highest-paid player in their history as he questioned whether they had the ability to reach the Champions League.

His double on Saturday, with both goals in stoppage time, may not have been the decisive factor in putting the Toffees level on points with fifth-placed Arsenal, but it at least showed his professionalism cannot be called into question.

The platform had been laid by a first goal for 20-year-old Dominic Calvert-Lewin, in his sixth Premier League appearance, and, after Tom Huddlestone's red card, another from Enner Valencia. Lukaku then took centre stage to register his 20th and 21st league goals of the season, the first time an Everton player has reached that tally since Gary Lineker in 1985-86.

Leicester made it four wins from four under Craig Shakespeare and picked up their first away victory of the season with a 3-2 success at West Ham.

Riyad Mahrez, Robert Huth and Jamie Vardy -- three of the main protagonists of last season's title triumph -- stunned the Hammers with first-half goals.

The Foxes showed no signs of a European hangover following their epic win over Sevilla, and although they may have a quarterfinal meeting with Atletico Madrid on their minds Shakespeare knows they still need to get their domestic affairs in order.

Fortunately they faced a West Ham side playing as though they just want their first season at their new stadium to end as quickly as possible.

Manuel Lanzini briefly halved the deficit with a free kick but they were booed off at half-time, and although Andre Ayew pulled another back after the break Leicester repelled a late rally to claim all three points.

Rejuvenated under Shakespeare following Claudio Ranieri's sacking last month, the first half was once again a throwback to last season's flying Foxes.

West Ham simply could not cope with the pace and before they knew it the hosts were 2-0 down.

In the fifth minute Mahrez swung in a cross towards Vardy and Shinji Okazaki, but both forwards missed it -- as did West Ham's defence -- as the ball flew into the corner of the net.

Two minutes later, from a Leicester free kick, Marc Albrighton clipped the ball into the box with the outside of his boot and the unmarked Huth nodded in the second.

West Ham were dealt another blow after a quarter of an hour when captain Winston Reid went down clutching his leg and had to be replaced.

But they grabbed a lifeline in the 20th minute after Michail Antonio was fouled by Danny Drinkwater and Lanzini curled in a superb 20-yard free kick.

Ayew and Michail Antonio fired wide and Andy Carroll had a goal ruled out, correctly, for offside as West Ham sensed they could haul themselves back into the game.

However, Vardy restored Leicester's two-goal lead before half-time when he pounced on the loose ball after West Ham failed to clear Albrighton's corner.

Vardy could have added a fourth after the break when he raced on to Mahrez's through-ball and lobbed Darren Randolph, only to clear the crossbar as well.

Instead West Ham pulled another back after Kasper Schmeichel got a hand to a Lanzini free kick which was not on target, and instantly regretted it as from the corner Carroll's header was turned in by Ayew.

The suddenly re-energised Hammers poured forward but Schmeichel clawed out Carroll's header, Ayew skied a glorious chance and Cheikhou Kouyate's shot was blocked on the line.

And in stoppage time Schmeichel made a stunning point-blank save to deny Carroll as Leicester held out to take another big step away from relegation trouble, and continue to prove there is life in the champions yet.

Manchester City and Liverpool had to settle for a point each in their battle for Champions League qualification after a thrilling 1-1 draw at the Etihad Stadium.

Former City player James Milner put Liverpool ahead in a ferocious, end-to-end Premier League contest with a 51st-minute penalty but Sergio Aguero's 25th goal of the season earned City a share of the spoils.

Both sides had numerous chances to score a winner with City, responding well after their Champions League loss in Monaco, going closest when Kevin De Bruyne hit the post.

Aguero also had two more good late chances while, earlier, City's Willy Caballero had been the busier of the two goalkeepers.

Jesse Lingard's thunderous strike lit up what ended up being a nervy Manchester United win as relegation-threatened Middlesbrough rallied under caretaker boss Steve Agnew.

The England winger took aim from 25 yards and found the top right-hand corner with an outstanding effort, deservedly adding to Marouane Fellaini's first-half header.

It had looked like United's 600th Premier League win would be straightforward against goal-shy Boro, only for Rudy Gestede to capitalise on lax defending to reduce the deficit -- his side's first league goal since Jan. 31.

Belief grew around the Riverside only for an embarrassing moment to settle the match as Antonio Valencia capitalised on former United teammate Victor Valdes' slip to wrap up a win that moves his side up to fifth.

Tempers frayed towards the end of a match, with Gestede and Eric Bailly squaring up to each other with tensions still high as the players made their way down the tunnel after the final whistle blew.

Tottenham Hotspur moved back to within 10 points of Premier League leaders Chelsea as they saw off Southampton 2-1 at White Hart Lane on Sunday -- their 10th home league win a row.

Spurs made the brighter start and created the first chance after only three minutes when Son Heung-Min got behind the defence to fire in a half-volley that was tipped away by Fraser Forster.

Eric Dier found himself in the book after only 11 minutes when he crunched into a challenge on in-form Southampton attacker Nathan Redmond.

But two minutes later the home side were ahead as Christian Eriksen controlled a Mousa Dembele pass and fired a superb low strike into the corner from the edge of the area.

Southampton almost found themselves back on level terms when a powerful Oriol Romeu shot from distance swerved past the post, but they were grateful to Forster after 23 minutes as he made a fine stop to claw away Toby Alderweireld's glancing header.

In-form Manolo Gabbiadini bent an instinctive first-time effort just wide as Saints responded and Dusan Tadic blazed over from seven yards after Redmond had nudged a deep cross back into his path.

Gabbiadini suffered an injury in the buildup to his attempt and was replaced by Shane Long -- and soon afterwards Tottenham had a 2-0 lead.

Southampton failed to clear a loose ball and, as it ricocheted around the area, Steven Davis was adjudged to have brought down Dele Alli.

Alli got back to his feet to send Forster the wrong way from the penalty spot and double the advantage after 32 minutes.

It looked as though Southampton should have had a penalty in first-half added time when Davies chopped down Tadic, but the referee waved play on as Mauricio Pochettino's side reached the break with a two-goal cushion.

That cushion was reduced six minutes after the break when two home defenders failed to cut out a Ryan Bertrand cross into the area and James Ward-Prowse finished neatly to put the visitors back into the game.

Son fired wide as Spurs looked to reassert themselves before a Long effort was stopped by Lloris with Southampton growing in confidence.

The visitors began to force Tottenham back without being able to create clear openings, Long caught offside when a good move had opened up what appeared to be a great chance to cross.

Substitute Vincent Janssen saw his powerful strike pushed away by Forster as the game entered its closing minutes, and Tottenham saw out five minutes of stoppage time to take another three home points.

Bournemouth moved nine points clear of the Premier League's bottom three with victory over relegation rivals Swansea on Saturday night.

Eddie Howe's side had addressed a slide in form with a vital win over West Ham last weekend and this 2-0 success -- courtesy of an Alfie Mawson own goal and a Benik Afobe strike -- will go a long way to securing the Cherries' top-flight status for another season.

The much-needed win over West Ham was full of drama but, after the likes of Leicester and Crystal Palace picked up three points earlier in the day, this scrappy victory was just as important for Bournemouth.

Crystal Palace moved closer to preserving their Premier League status by earning their third successive victory with 1-0 home win over Watford.

Troy Deeney's second-half own goal proved enough to secure all three points in an otherwise cagey affair that left them four clear of the bottom three and took them up to 16th.

Two recent wins had already significantly reduced the pressure that had built on Sam Allardyce's team, providing the momentum needed to eventually avoid relegation after a year-long decline.

Their manager had long spoken of the need to produce a run of positive results, but he has also frequently stressed he would accept draws amid occasional victories if they avoid defeat.

The way Palace started at Selhurst Park suggested he had told his team this was one of those occasions when a draw would suffice, but with Chelsea, Southampton, Arsenal and Leicester their next four fixtures they would have been taking a risk.

Allardyce made only one change to the team that won 2-0 at West Brom a fortnight ago, with Jeffrey Schlupp replacing the injured Patrick van Aanholt. The greater disruption may have come from them not playing since.

Arsenal kept their hopes of a top-four Premier League finish alive as a late Robert Huth own goal was enough for them to see off reigning champions Leicester.

After the toxic atmosphere of recent weeks diminished somewhat after an FA Cup semifinal victory over Manchester City at Wembley on Sunday, Arsene Wenger was in danger of being brought back down to earth by a competitive Leicester side.

However, Nacho Monreal's late effort flew in off the unwitting Huth to seal a scrappy 1-0 home win.

Until that point, the hosts had been kept at bay by a well-drilled Leicester defence and some smart saves from Kasper Schmeichel.

But the deadlock was broken with four minutes remaining to leave Arsenal sixth and four points behind fourth-placed Manchester City.

Arsenal's new-look back three was a little wasteful in the early minutes, leading to a good chance for Jamie Vardy, who fired into the side-netting having been picked out by Marc Albrighton.

The hosts were soon on the front foot but were being kept at arm's length by the Leicester defence, with Francis Coquelin seeing a drive turned behind by Schmeichel.

Monreal, deployed as a member of the back three and fresh from his semifinal equaliser, glanced the resulting header across goal where Danny Simpson did well to scramble away under pressure.

The visitors were having much less possession but looked more dynamic on the ball than Arsenal and only a superb save from Petr Cech prevented Riyad Mahrez volleying Leicester ahead at the midway point of the first half.

Schmeichel showed his own goalkeeping prowess as he got down well to push a Theo Walcott effort behind after the forward had worked himself a shooting chance.

Like Monreal from the previous corner, Gabriel got his head to the set-piece but again there was not enough on it to send it goalwards.

Mahrez jinked into the Arsenal box but could only shoot wide as Arsenal were continually frustrated at the other end by a compact defensive display.

Sanchez in particular was starting to lose patience and he rattled the crossbar with an arrowed shot from 25-yards on the stroke of half-time.

It was much the same after the break with Huth clearing behind as Sanchez was played in, with the ball drifting wide of Schmeichel's goal.

Schmeichel was again called into action moments later, stretching to paw a deflected Granit Xhaka strike behind before Laurent Koscielny failed to make decent contact with a header at the culmination of a short-corner routine.

The Arsenal skipper crumpled into a heap with 12 minutes remaining and Leicester substitute Shinji Okazaki almost capitalised, only to see his shot bravely blocked by Gabriel.

Yohan Benalouane was lucky not to be shown a red card by referee Mike Jones after the Leicester defender kicked Olivier Giroud in the back.

Throngs of Arsenal fans headed for the exits soon after but those that stayed saw their side earn what could prove to be an invaluable three points as Monreal's wayward strike crashed into Huth and past the agonising dive of Schmeichel, with Craig Shakespeare's side staying just six points clear of the bottom three.

Burnley burst Liverpool's early-season bubble with a 2-0 victory which proved you do not have to have much of the ball to be effective.

The Clarets converted two of their three shots on target, with Sam Vokes grabbing his first Premier League goal inside two minutes and Andre Gray doubling the lead before half-time.

There was no rousing comeback from Liverpool like the one they produced last weekend at Arsenal to win 4-3 after going behind and, despite dominating possession, they never looked like scoring.

That was partly down to their hosts' dogged determination to hold onto their lead but largely due to a lack of cohesion and penetration in the final third.

Jurgen Klopp's side were laboured in their build-up, particularly in the first half, and careless and wasteful in possession.

They were punished after just 98 seconds when Ragnar Klavan's crossfield pass posed some difficulty for Nathaniel Clyne and he gave the ball away, with Gray quick to pick out Vokes who turned to smash home from the edge of the penalty area.

The Wales international missed the first half of Burnley's previous top-flight campaign with a knee injury which hampered his progress when he eventually came back but, after a confidence-boosting Euro 2016, the big frontman took Burnley's first Premier League goal against Liverpool - and their first in the league in six matches - well.

Southampton struggled to relieve the pressure building on manager Claude Puel after an under-strength Manchester United held them to a 0-0 home draw.

Saints chairman Ralph Krueger has refused to offer assurances surrounding the Frenchman's future despite him leading them to the brink of an eighth-placed finish and this partly demonstrated why.

Puel's future is to be discussed at the end of the Premier League season but with Jose Mourinho again selecting a weakened XI -- without Marcus Rashford, Michael Carrick, Paul Pogba, Ander Herrera and David De Gea -- the home team had the chance to impress.

United goalkeeper Sergio Romero, making only his second league start of the season, instead frustrated them, aiding the Red Devils' preparations for next weekend's Europa League final and demonstrating his ability to perhaps replace De Gea permanently.

The hosts were gifted a chance to take the lead in only the fifth minute, when Eric Bailly produced the clumsiest of handballs -- albeit outside of the area -- to prompt referee Mike Dean to award them a penalty.

Manolo Gabbiadini, who posed such a threat to United in the EFL Cup final, took responsibility but was far from convincing as he shot towards the bottom left corner but within Romero's reach, and the goalkeeper tipped wide.

Bailly almost instantly responded with a goal of his own, when just three minutes later after beating Nathan Redmond to a loose ball he produced an uncharacteristic run into Southampton's area before forcing a reaction save from Fraser Forster.

Wayne Rooney had been selected to start his fifth consecutive league game, this time doing so up front, and despite his decreasing importance to United continues to show hints of the fine player he once was.

In the 15th minute he masterfully controlled a high ball before sending Anthony Martial one-on-one with Forster, from where the young forward's shot could do no more than prompt a routine save.

Henrikh Mkhitaryan also tested Forster with a low drive from midfield, but thereafter Southampton improved -- similarly to at Wembley in February, and perhaps relevantly amid Jose Mourinho's complaints that his United team are tired.

It was on the stroke of half-time when, after a poor clearance from Romero, Redmond played a one-two with Steven Davis before shooting low at the goalkeeper.

Shortly after the break James Ward-Prowse laid off a free kick on the edge of the area to Dusan Tadic, from where the midfielder struck well but saw Romero parry clear.

They steadily applied more pressure, with Redmond playing in Oriol Romeu whose shot from just inside the area was also saved.

Ward-Prowse drew Romero's finest save with a curling effort towards the top right corner as the diving Argentinian impressed in tipping wide.

Mourinho introduced Rashford, Carrick and Herrera, pursuing a first league win in five, but the closest they came was in the 71st minute when Martial curled against the right post.

Either way they would have remained sixth; perhaps more significant was that sections of Southampton's supporters booed their team off.

Stoke frustrated Manchester City as they held out for a goalless draw in their re-arranged Premier League clash at the Etihad Stadium.

City, who rested the in-form Raheem Sterling, came to life after a drab first half but were unable to find a way through the Potters' stubborn rearguard.

The result lifted City level with second-placed Tottenham but the overwhelming feeling at the final whistle was of an opportunity missed.

Sterling was not included in the matchday squad while the influential David Silva only appeared as a second-half substitute as manager Pep Guardiola rotated his resources.

It took City a long time to hit their stride and Stoke had an early chance after Gael Clichy lost his footing. Mame Biram Diouf took advantage by sliding in to meet a ball from the left but he failed to make clean contact and Willy Caballero saved.

City were troubled again when the lively Ramadan Sobhi burst into the area and beat Nicolas Otamendi, who pulled out of a tackle that might have proved costly. The Egyptian whipped in a cross but Bacary Sagna hooked clear.

City struggled to generate momentum. Jesus Navas found space to get in crosses from the right but was unable to pick out teammates while key duo Sergio Aguero and Kevin De Bruyne were subdued.

Leroy Sane did get a couple of opportunities to show his pace but was first halted by a fine tackle by Diouf and was then tripped outside the area by Phil Bardsley. Aleksandar Kolarov forced a good save from Lee Grant from the resulting free kick.

Most of this action occurred in the early stages and it was not until first-half injury time that City got behind the defence, but De Bruyne missed his kick stretching to reach an Otamendi long ball.

City showed greater intent after the break, especially after the introduction of Silva as replacement for Navas.

But despite creating some chances, the frustration continued.

Sane left Bruno Martins Indi trailing with another lightning burst to tee up Aguero but Erik Pieters managed to deflect the Argentinian's shot wide.

Sane had an opportunity himself after good work from De Bruyne but a ricochet off Joe Allen caused him to lash over the bar. Yaya Toure also fired over and Silva dragged a gilt-edged chance narrowly wide.

Another drive from Silva was deflected for a corner and Otamendi headed over from the set-piece.

City pushed to the end but Aguero drove into the side-netting and substitute Kelechi Iheanacho volleyed an injury-time chance wide before Sane failed to connect with a cross.

Marten de Roon fired Middlesbrough to victory in the desperation derby as Sunderland's hopes of another remarkable Premier League escape were dealt a potentially fatal blow.
The 26-year-old Dutchman, a B£12million summer signing from Atalanta, struck just nine minutes into a tense relegation showdown between the bottom two to secure a first league win since December 17 and leave the locals among a crowd of 30,742 daring to believe survival is a possibility for their club.
It remains a tall order, with Steve Agnew's men still six points adrift of safety with only four matches to go, but they are significantly better off than the Black Cats, who are six points further adrift with just a single game in hand.
Sunderland started with purpose, forcing two early corners and then prompting the game's first save when Brad Guzan had to react smartly to field Jermain Defoe's well-struck seventh-minute volley.
However, their hopes were dealt a significant blow when Boro forced their way ahead two minutes later without having to work particularly hard for it.
Adam Clayton's ball over the top left defenders Billy Jones and John O'Shea trailing in De Roon's wake and he controlled with his chest before stabbing a shot past the advancing Jordan Pickford.
The Teessiders visibly grew in confidence as the Black Cats deflated and they might have doubled their lead with 20 minutes gone when Stewart Downing pounced on an error by Jones to race in on goal, where Pickford made a vital block.
Sunderland were in disarray as Clayton conducted proceedings from just in front of his back four with De Roon and Adam Forshaw foraging ahead of him, and full-back Calum Chambers whistled a 23rd-minute effort from distance just high and wide.
To their credit, the visitors eased themselves back into the game and although chances were at a premium - Didier Ndong called upon Guzan with a rasping effort 11 minutes before the break - they at least did enough to suggest they had not thrown in the towel.
Guzan had to palm away Wahbi Khazri's 48th-minute free-kick after Daniel Ayala's clumsy challenge on Victor Anichebe 20 yards out, and skipper Ben Gibson had to be alert to prevent Anichebe from connecting with the Tunisia international's cross four minutes later.
Sunderland continued to enjoy the better of the second half, with Defoe seeing a shot on the turn blocked from Anichebe's 59th-minute cross as a nervy Boro retreated, although they gradually managed to stem the tide as Agnew anxiously paced about in his technical area.
Opposite number David Moyes, who had earlier been handed a Football Association charge over comments made to a female reporter last month, stood hands in pockets yards away seemingly powerless to halt the slide towards the Sky Bet Championship.
He waited in vain for a late fightback as Boro eased themselves over the line with few scares to fight another day.

Oumar Niasse stepped off the substitutes' bench to score twice as Hull gave their Premier League survival hopes a major boost with a 2-1 home win against relegation rivals Swansea.

Hull were struggling to make headway in the second period when head coach Marco Silva played a master-stroke by sending on Niasse in the 63rd minute and the Senegalese striker responded with two crucial goals in the space of 11 minutes.

Alfie Mawson ensured a nervous finish for the Tigers when he headed home in stoppage time for Swansea, but Silva's side held on to clinch their third league win under the Portuguese and climb to within one point from safety with 10 games remaining.

Swansea made the brighter start and went close in the 11th minute when Wayne Routledge darted on to Gylfi Sigurdsson's clever pass into the box, but his low angled shot struck the legs of Hull goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic.

Tom Huddlestone's low effort at the other end barely troubled Swansea goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski and Hull defender Andy Robertson was next to avert the danger in his area by hacking clear as the visitors threatened again through Tom Carroll.

Hull's jitters were characterised by centre-half Harry Maguire's glaringly mis-placed pass, which was pounced on by Sigurdsson before he was crowded out in the area by a scrambling defence.

Swansea's first-half momentum was checked before the interval when they were dealt a double injury blow with Angel Rangel and leading goalscorer Fernando Llorente both limping out of the action

Right-back Rangel was replaced by Jordi Amat in the 33rd minute and dangerman Llorente, who had scored 10 goals in his last 15 league games, was forced off with a thigh injury.

In between, Hull had finally warmed to the task, going closest through Kamil Grosicki whose lob was acrobatically punched clear by Fabianski.

Huddlestone's low shot early in the second half was comfortably gathered by Fabianski as Hull showed more urgency, but the home side were given a huge let-off in the 54th minute.

Carroll's low cross was pushed into Routledge's path by the sprawling Jakupovic inside the area, but the Swans winger blazed a left-footed shot over the crossbar from seven yards when he should have put the Welsh club ahead.

Jakupovic then turned away Sigurdsson's curling free-kick and with the game hanging in the balance, Silva sent on Niasse for the ineffective N'Diaye.

Six minutes late the Tigers stole into the lead. Maurauding right-back Omar Elabdellaoui broke clear and from his pass inside, Abel Hernandez flicked the ball on first time for Niasse to run on and steer a low shot beyond Fabianski.

Sigurdsson fired off target as Swansea tried to respond, but the visitors found themselves 2-0 down in the 78th minute.

Ahmed Elmohamady helped the ball on to Niasse in the area and the Senegalese lashed home a bouncing ball to all but seal the points.

Niasse pulled another effort wide when he appeared set for his hat-trick before the visitors ensured an anxious finale when Mawson headed home Sigurdsson's cross in stoppage time, but the Tigers held on.

Christian Eriksen kept Tottenham's title hopes alive with a crucial strike to sink Crystal Palace 1-0.
The Dane rescued Spurs with a long-range drive 12 minutes from time to ensure they remain four points behind leaders Chelsea.
Tottenham had endured a tough few days, losing the FA Cup semi-final to the Blues on Saturday before Antonio Conte's side beat Southampton 4-2 to stay in control at the top.
They desperately needed a pick-me-up at Selhurst Park to keep their season alive, but that was never going to be easy against an in-form Palace side looking to add them to the scalps of Chelsea, Arsenal and Liverpool this month alone.
Their usually deadly front two of Harry Kane and Dele Alli were kept quiet by a Palace rearguard marshalled superbly by the returning Mamadou Sakho.
But when Sakho was forced off injured midway through the second half, Spurs sensed their chance and Eriksen's eighth goal of the season keeps them in touch at the top with five games to go.
It was a different story in the first half, though, with the visitors looking tentative and without the swagger of their previous seven straight league victories.
Indeed it was Palace, on the back of six wins in eight games which lifted them away from relegation trouble, who created the clearer chances.
Former Spurs winger Andros Townsend almost set up an opener for the hosts when he skipped in between Toby Alderweireld and Eric Dier before slipping in Christian Benteke, whose low shot was kept out by Hugo Lloris.
The lively Townsend went close himself shortly before the interval, keeping his feet despite being clipped by Jan Vertonghen before unleashing a 20-yard drive which flew narrowly over.
Frustrated Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino made a double change at the interval, replacing both his central midfielders, Mousa Dembele and Victor Wanyama - who was lucky to still be on the pitch after escaping a second yellow card for a clumsy foul on Townsend - with Son Heung-min and Moussa Sissoko.
Alli, who scored a memorable flick, turn and volley in this fixture last season, had to wait until 10 minutes into the second half for his first sight of goal but this time could only drag his shot wide.
But, worryingly for Palace Sakho, who has played such an instrumental role in their climb away from relegation trouble, was hurt in the build-up and forced to depart on a stretcher.
Suddenly Palace were on the back foot and should have fallen behind when Alli met Kyle Walker's cross three yards out, only to sidefoot his effort across goal and wide.
But with time running down Eriksen collected Kane's pass some 30 yards out and lashed a powerful drive inside the far post to keep Spurs in the title hunt.

Cesc Fabregas scored in the 88th minute to lift champions Chelsea to a wild 4-3 win over Watford on Monday night to match the Premier League record for wins in a season.

John Terry also scored in a rare start but two defensive lapses from the 22-year Chelsea man nearly allowed Watford to salvage a draw before Fabregas' late winner.

Terry, who will leave Chelsea at the end of the season, was given his first league start since September as Antonio Conte made nine changes from the team that sealed the Premier League title on Friday.

And he scored the opening goal at Stamford Bridge in the 22nd minute following a corner as the ball fell to him to lash home in the six-yard box. It was his first league strike of the campaign, bringing his run to 17 consecutive seasons with a goal.

But Terry's joy was short-lived, as only 40 seconds later, the 36-year-old misplayed a defensive header in his own box that allowed Etienne Capoue to draw Watford level.

However, Cesar Azpilicueta restored Chelsea's lead following another corner by firing in from the top of the area in the 36th minute.

Romelu Lukaku drew level with Harry Kane in the race for the Premier League's golden boot as Everton coasted against West Brom for their fifth straight home Premier League win.

The Belgian followed up first-half goals from Kevin Mirallas and Morgan Schneiderlin with a 19th of the campaign, and a seventh in his last five, to secure a 3-0 victory over the Baggies.

Ronald Koeman's side have now not dropped a point at Goodison Park since a loss to rivals Liverpool prior to Christmas after this success over a West Brom team only one place beneath them in the table, but a class below here.

With Tottenham in FA Cup action this weekend, Lukaku had the chance to join Kane at the top of the division's scorers chart.

Opportunity knocked when Gareth Barry rolled a pass into the big Belgian in the 16th minute yet for once Lukaku put his shot the wrong side of the post, as he did when he rose to meet a Leighton Baines cross moments later.

The visitors had not threatened a back line featuring Phil Jagielka as a starter for the first time in 2017 until six minutes before the break when Nacer Chadli's effort from distance was tipped around the post by Joel Robles.

At the other end the weak link in the Baggies' defence had looked like being Allan Nyom and it was in the left-back's vicinity where the move for the hosts' opener emerged.

Lukaku drifted out to the right and saw his pass inside ricochet off a couple of Baggies defenders before falling to Ross Barkley, and though his shot was parried by Ben Foster, Mirallas reacted quickest to apply the finish.

That was quickly added to by a second before the break as Koeman's side entered the interval in charge.

Again it stemmed from Lukaku's inkling to come out to the right and this time he turned inside, fended off Jonny Evans and slipped in Schneiderlin to take a touch beyond Jake Livermore before clipping beyond Foster.

His maiden Everton goal, and his first in 511 days, made the interval all the sweeter for the home support, including boxer Tony Bellew, who came on to the pitch to receive a round of applause from his fellow Evertonians a week on from his victory over David Haye.

It was at the mid-point of that bout that the advantage turned in Bellew's favour when Haye picked up an injury, though there was little chance of a similarly-timed momentum swing for the Baggies despite Baines' withdrawal ahead of the second half.

And Chadli's shot which was spilled out by Robles and cleared by Ashley Williams was all the Baggies could muster up.

The tepid pace did give Tom Davies and Barkley a chance to shine in front of watching England boss Gareth Southgate, and the latter could have furthered his case had his twisting and turning culminated in anything other than a shot into the side netting.

However, there was still time for him to make the highlights package when he delivered the back-post cross that Lukaku nodded home in the 82nd minute as Nyom once again lost his man.

Substitute Idrissa Gueye was denied a fourth by the woodwork and this was as comfortable and routine as Koeman could have hoped for.

Joshua King bagged a hat-trick as Bournemouth broke their 2017 win duck with a dramatic 3-2 victory over West Ham.

The in-form marksman took his tally to eight goals in his last seven games despite having earlier missed a penalty.

In fact Bournemouth, who had scored all seven of their previous spot-kicks this season, managed to fluff two in the space of half an hour after Benik Afobe assumed responsibility with the same result.

But ultimately it did not matter as King hit a last-minute winner to complete his treble, cancelling out strikes from Michail Antonio and Andre Ayew to secure their first success of the year at the ninth attempt.

The Cherries were gifted the chance to take the lead after only eight minutes when Sofiane Feghouli needlessly hauled down Charlie Daniels in the area and ref Bobby Madley pointed to the spot.

But King sidefooted his penalty horribly wide - and just 48 seconds later West Ham had the ball in the net.

It was not down to a lightning counter-attack, though, but a mistake by Harry Arter, who gave the ball away to Feghouli on the edge of the box.

The winger atoned for his error at the other end by playing in Antonio, who turned and fired through the legs of Simon Francis for his ninth goal of the season.

With their tails up, West Ham attempted to extend their lead but Antonio and Manuel Lanzini fired presentable chances wide.

Instead Bournemouth hauled themselves level when King expertly flicked a loose ball in the area over Jose Fonte before holding off the defender's half-hearted challenge and tucking the ball past Darren Randolph.

Fonte then gave away the softest of penalties when sticking out a leg as Marc Pugh darted past him, and this time Afobe stepped up only to roll his effort into the arms of the diving Randolph.

Yet three minutes into the second half Bournemouth took the lead, King pouncing after Afobe flicked on Ryan Fraser's free-kick.

West Ham's players protested that King was offside when the kick was taken, and that the ball had struck Afobe's arm, but after a long chat with his assistant Madley signalled a goal.

The Hammers thought they had snatched a point with seven minutes remaining when Sam Byram overlapped down the right and squared for fellow substitute Ayew to fire home.

But King completed his treble at the death, blasting the winner after Randolph had blocked Jack Wilshere's shot, to secure a much-needed three points.

Liverpool put their disappointing defeat at Leicester behind them to move up to third place in the Premier League with a 3-1 home win over Arsenal, who dropped to fifth.

Arsene Wenger raised eyebrows when he left Alexis Sanchez on the bench, starting Danny Welbeck, while Mesut Ozil missed the match through illness.

The change did nothing for the Londoners as Liverpool produced a dominant first-half performance to take total control by the break thanks to goals from Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane.

Jurgen Klopp's side had been strongly criticised after their display at the King Power Stadium but outplayed Arsenal in an opening period of high intensity.

After Hector Bellerin had created a moment of early anxiety with a teasing cross, the home side grabbed the initiative.

And they were rewarded after nine minutes when Sadio Mane threaded the ball to the unattended Firmino, who blasted his finish high past Petr Cech.

Within moments, a Philippe Coutinho cross whizzed through the Arsenal area with no home player able to get the crucial touch.

There was a brief respite for Wenger's side when Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's ball towards Olivier Giroud was hesitantly dealt with by goalkeeper Simon Mignolet, but only a fine Cech save from Coutinho prevented Klopp's side from doubling their lead on the half-hour.

And with a little under five minutes remaining until the break, Mane did double the advantage as he was given far too much space inside the area to control and finish after a fine move involving James Milner and Firmino.

Coutinho could have made it three when he produced a moment of sublime control inside the area but was only able to steer his attempted finish at Cech.

Wenger brought Sanchez on at the start of the second half and Arsenal almost found a way back into the game within moments as Migolet touched a powerful Giroud header onto the bar and held the rebound.

But they were back in contention after 56 minutes -- and it was Sanchez who created the goal.

The Chile international threaded a superb pass through to Welbeck, who dinked a fine finish over Mignolet to halve the deficit.

The introduction of Sanchez had changed the pattern, and Arsenal threatened again when Bellerin got away down the right but his low cross evaded Giroud with nobody else able to get a touch.

Liverpool were struggling to match the intensity they had produced before the break, but Mane was producing plenty of moments of skill and flair, with one low cross forcing the visitors into some last-ditch defending.

As the game entered its final quarter of an hour, Wenger brought on Theo Walcott and Lucas Perez, with Giroud and Welbeck making way.

Coutinho blasted over from the edge of the box and Joel Matip misconnected with a free header as the home side sought the third goal that would put the result beyond doubt.

Klopp brought Divock Origi on for Coutinho with a little over 10 minutes remaining and the substitute almost got that goal, seeing his header from a free kick cannon back off the post.

Arsenal continued to press as the game entered its final moments, but after Alexis Sanchez had seen a late effort blocked by Matip Liverpool swept to the other end and Georginio Wijnaldum finished a lightning counter-attack involving Adam Lallan and Origi to crown an impressive evening's work.

Zlatan Ibrahimovic had a second-half penalty saved as Manchester United were held 1-1 by Bournemouth and missed the opportunity to move ahead of Liverpool and into fifth in a feisty game at Old Trafford.

United fashioned the game's first chance in the opening two minutes when Antonio Valencia's floated cross was headed over by Wayne Rooney.

Within moments, Josh King barged Phil Jones off the ball at the other end -- but when referee Kevin Friend waved play on, the Bournemouth man failed to find a colleague.

It was a breathless start, and after five minutes Paul Pogba raced onto a long pass from Luke Shaw and saw his effort well saved by Artur Boruc.

As United came forward again, in-form Ibrahimovic latched on to a low Rooney pass but a heavy first touch meant he was unable to get a shot away.

The visitors threatened when Benik Afobe raced into the area only to lose his footing at the crucial moment -- and Ibrahimovic was soon in the thick of it again when a low cross from Anthony Martial cannoned off his knee and away to safety right in front of goal.

Boruc thwarted United again after 20 minutes when he blocked Martial's strike after a fine Carrick through ball -- but Jose Mourinho's side were not to be denied for much longer.

They made the breakthrough after 23 minutes when Valencia's low strike was stabbed in by Marcos Rojo to secure a deserved lead.

Bournemouth's Andrew Surman clattered in on Luke Shaw to pick up a yellow card -- but on 38 minutes his side were level when Phil Jones fouled Marc Pugh to concede a penalty that was slammed home by King.

Boruc was back in action again as he tipped away an angled Ibrahimovic drive, and within seconds he repelled a Rooney half-volley.

But an exciting first half ended in chaos when Tyrone Mings slid in on Rooney and then stamped on Ibrahimovic, who elbowed the defender in the face at a corner seconds later.

Both avoided red cards from referee Friend, but instead a second yellow card was shown to Surman -- who had already been booked -- for what appeared to be a shove in the middle of a melee.

Friend belatedly realised that Surman had already been booked and showed him a red card, but there was no further punishment for either Ibrahimovic -- already in the book for dissent after the penalty -- or Mings.

United attempted to press home their one-man advantage at the start of the second half, with Rooney seeing an effort deflected over and Martial delivering a succession of dangerous low crosses.

Pogba came close to restoring United's lead after 56 minutes when his 25-yarder was stopped by Boruc, and when the France international was fouled 25 yards out in the 64th minute Ibrahimovic clattered a free kick into the wall.

With 70 minutes gone, Jose Mourinho had seen enough of things as they were and introduced Jesse Lingard, Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini for Rooney, Carrick and Shaw.

Within a minute of those changes, United were awarded a penalty when Adam Smith was adjudged to have handled Pogba's attempt to turn a deep cross back into the danger zone -- but Boruc made a fine low save to keep out Ibrahimovic's effort.

Rashford fired wide after an apparent foul by Pogba on Harry Arter, with the Bournemouth player requiring treatment before he was able to continue.

Pogba then blazed a free kick well over the top after being fouled by Arter as time ticked towards the final 10 minutes of a game in which Bournemouth's defensive organisation had drastically improved.

Rashford was booked for a foul on Arter as United's frustrations began to grow, and the Stretford End voiced its own irritation when an aimless Pogba cross flew into the gloves of the excellent Boruc.

Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe made a late change, taking off scorer King and bringing on winger Max Gradel as he attempted to give his side an attacking outlet in the closing moments.

Pogba mis-hit one last chance from inside the penalty area and then saw the keeper snatch the ball off his toes as United failed to snatch what would have been their 600th Premier League win.

Fernando Llorente was Swansea's matchwinner again in a thrilling 3-2 victory over Burnley after referee Anthony Taylor took centre stage by awarding one of the most controversial penalties of the season.

Spain striker Llorente -- who has scored precious goals against Liverpool and Crystal Palace -- headed home a 90th-minute winner to ease Swansea's relegation fears.

Earlier, Andre Gray's double, either side of goals from Llorente and Martin Olsson, looked like handing Burnley some rare joy away from home.

But the contest will be remembered for the 20th-minute penalty Burnley were awarded when George Boyd's corner escaped everyone before striking the arm of Burnley striker Sam Vokes.

Television replays showed Swansea's Gylfi Sigurdsson appealing for handball against Vokes, and there did not appear to be any other offence in a congested six-yard box.

But Taylor incensed Swansea by pointing to the spot and Gray's kick cancelled out Llorente's 12th-minute header.

Gray put Burnley ahead just after the hour with his eighth league goal of the season before full-back Olsson scored for the second successive home game to get Swansea back in the game and set up the grandstand finish that allowed Llorente to grab the late winner.

Swansea's fast start was almost rewarded when they struck the woodwork twice in the same 11th minute attack.

Alfie Mawson headed Sigurdsson's free-kick against the crossbar and, following some pinball in the Burnley ball, the centre-back was denied for a second time when his shot cannoned off a post.

Burnley were only granted a short reprieve as Llorente met Leroy Fer's cross at the far post a minute later to head home his 10th goal of the season.

Burnley responded well as Jeff Hendrick fired into Lukasz Fabianski's midriff before their controversial leveller from the spot.

The sense of injustice that decision created seemed to drive on Swansea, who should have been ahead before the break.

Paul Robinson, deputising for regular Burnley goalkeeper Tom Heaton, missing through illness, batted away Olsson's drive before Sigurdsson flashed an effort inches wide.

Swansea then struck the woodwork for the third time when Llorente's header bounced back off the crossbar and the half closed with Robinson pushing aside Sigurdsson's free kick.

Burnley's goal was leading a charmed life and Ben Mee made a goalline intervention from Sigurdsson at the start of the second half.

Llorente then went close again, not quite managing to get enough purchase on a Tom Carroll centre, but Swansea were stunned after 61 minutes when Vokes beat Federico Fernandez in the air.

The ball dropped to the unmarked Gray and he had time to turn and shoot past Fabianski to give Burnley real hope of a first Premier League away win since May 2015.

But Swansea were level within six minutes as Sigurdsson slipped in Olsson and his powerful angled finish gave Robinson no chance.

Carroll almost won it when his goalbound shot was turned off the line by Mee, but the midfielder soon swung over a cross, with two minutes of injury time on the clock, and Llorente rose superbly to spark wild Swansea celebrations.

Eden Hazard and Diego Costa were on target as clinical Chelsea swatted aside West Ham 2-1 to take a 10-point lead at the top of the Premier League.

Two of Chelsea's three Premier League defeats this season were away London derbies -- to Arsenal and Tottenham -- and West Ham beat the Blues in the EFL Cup in a match marred by crowd trouble at the London Stadium.

Those scenes -- of violence and a Chelsea defeat -- were not repeated here, although one fan hurdled the advertising hoardings to remonstrate with celebrating Chelsea players after Hazard's goal before he was wrestled away.

Chelsea head coach Antonio Conte may be taking nothing for granted in the title race, but his side are showing little sign of slipping up.

Tottenham are the Blues' nearest rivals with 11 games to go, but third-placed Manchester City could move eight points behind by winning their game in-hand.

West Ham's direct tactics were predictable, but Chelsea withstood the bombardment until Manuel Lanzini's stoppage-time strike, which proved mere consolation.

Slaven Bilic would have anticipated the visitors playing on the counter-attack, but his side could not stop Chelsea going in front once the excellent N'Golo Kante had intercepted a Robert Snodgrass pass intended for Sofiane Feghouli.

Ten seconds later the ball was in the Hammers' net as Hazard struck his 10th of the campaign. While, Costa bundled in his 17th and now has 49 Premier League goals.

Second-half goals from Wilfried Zaha and Andros Townsend fired relegation-threatened Crystal Palace to a vital 2-0 win at in-form West Bromwich Albion.

Zaha lit up a poor encounter at The Hawthorns when he opened the scoring after a neat piece of skill on 55 minutes.

Townsend wrapped up victory, Palace's second in successive games, with a superb solo effort six minutes from time.

The result lifted Palace out of the bottom three and indicated that Sam Allardyce's work is now starting to bear fruit after a frustrating start.

The first half was a disjointed affair with little in the way of goalmouth action.

Fifteen minutes had gone before either side created an opening, and that came and went as a dipping cross from Allan Nyom, intended for Salomon Rondon, was headed behind by Mamadou Sakho.

The only effort on target of the first half came when Christian Benteke rose to meet a corner but his header was blocked on the line by Chris Brunt.

Brunt had an opportunity at the other end but volleyed well over from 20 yards after a James Morrison cross.

As a drab first half drew to a close, Rondon appealed for a penalty and then a free kick just outside the area after collisions with Yohan Cabaye and Joel Ward, but was awarded neither.

After such dull fare, Zaha's strike came out of the blue.

The former Manchester United winger controlled a long crossfield pass from Cabaye on his chest and lashed home a left-foot shot from a tight angle.

Finally the game began to come to life, with Zaha charging into the box again, but he lost possession and Puncheon's follow-up attempt was deflected wide.

Nacer Chadli registered West Brom's first effort on target but Wayne Hennessey saved comfortably.

Palace threatened again when Luka Milivojevic played in Townsend but Ben Foster was quick off his line to block his shot.

The game reverted to its earlier scrappy state for a spell and one of the crowd's biggest cheers of the afternoon came when referee Mike Jones fell over after colliding with Jake Livermore.

The hosts could not find a way back and, as they pushed up in the latter stages, they were caught by Townsend.

The former Tottenham winger seized possession inside his own half and was allowed to run all the way to the West Brom area.

He turned Craig Dawson and then beat the sliding challenge of Evans to fire home from the left and secure three important points.

Harry Kane won his top-scorer tussle with Romelu Lukaku by bagging a brace as Tottenham held on for a 3-2 victory over Everton.

Kane and Lukaku began the day tied at the top of the Premier League goal-scoring charts, and the pair took centre stage again as Kane's double put Spurs two up before Lukaku's late strike sparked hopes of a comeback.

Dele Alli restored the two-goal cushion in stoppage-time before substitute Enner Valencia added another goal seconds later to complete a dramatic finish at White Hart Lane.

Victory for Mauricio Pochettino's men means they reduce the gap behind league leaders Chelsea to seven points, with the Blues travelling to West Ham on Monday.

Tottenham have also now won their ninth consecutive match at home, a club record in the Premier League and the first time they have done so in the same season since 1987.

Leicester continued to breathe new life into their Premier League survival bid under the guidance of Craig Shakespeare as he strengthened his claims for the manager's job with victory against relegation rivals Hull.

Shakespeare, assistant to previous boss Claudio Ranieri, has won both matches in interim charge 3-1 after his side followed up Monday's home victory over Liverpool with another three points.

Goals from Christian Fuchs and Riyad Mahrez and a Tom Huddlestone own goal overturned the lead given to Hull by Sam Clucas and gave the defending champions back-to-back league wins for the first time this season.

Leicester are still sounding out potential replacements for Ranieri, with former England manager Roy Hodgson reported to be among the names being explored, yet it could now be difficult to look beyond Shakespeare following the marked improvement under his stewardship.

The 53-year-old, who would like the job, appears to have the backing of the majority of the Leicester fans - as well as the players. He is also highly regarded by Jon Rudkin, the club's director of football.

Leicester are now set to fly off to Dubai for a four-day warm weather training camp and Shakespeare will meet with the club's owners on their return later next week to discuss his prospects.

Leicester began the game with the same renewed vigour they showed in defeating Liverpool - the first match since Ranieri was sacked - and created a host of early chances.

Wes Morgan headed wide from a Mahrez free-kick before two dangerous low crosses from Jamie Vardy into the six-yard box were expertly turned behind under considerable pressure by Harry Maguire and then Andrew Robertson.

Maguire then bravely threw himself in front of a goal bound shot from Robert Huth and Hull survived once more.

It was against the run of play when Hull took the lead after 14 minutes.

Clucas led a swift break through the middle before Oumar Niasse and Kamil Grosicki combined down the left side of the penalty area and Clucas, released by Leicester as a schoolboy, slid in to poke home Grosicki's cross from six yards out.

Not for the first time since Ranieri's sacking, the Leicester players were under the spotlight and asked to respond -- and as against Liverpool they did so.

Left-back Fuchs linked up brilliantly with Vardy down the flank, playing a couple of one-twos before continuing his run into the area where he was on hand to finish off Vardy's cut back from 10 yards out. However, goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic will be disappointed the ball crept beneath him.

Having frustrated Leicester at one end during the first half, Maguire made a nuisance of himself in attack at the start of the second.

The defender saw a header clip a post following a corner and shortly afterwards worked Kasper Schmeichel with another header from a Grosicki delivery.

Jakupovic kept out a tame effort from Mahrez just before the hour, but the Algeria international was merely finding his range.

Next time the ball was at his feet, Mahrez turned Robertson one way then the other trying to create an opening for a shot and, after cutting back for the third time, he found the bottom corner with a shot from the edge of the area.

It was a rare glimpse of the magic that earned him the PFA Players' Player of the Year award last season, but once more Jakupovic should probably have done better.

Hull tried to respond immediately and Schmeichel had to punch clear a free-kick whipped in by Grosicki before blocking an effort from Niasse at his near post with six minutes remaining.

After Jakupovic saved to deny Demarai Gray, Leicester sealed victory in the final minute when Onyinye Ndidi's header from a corner struck Huddlestone and flew into the net.

It was a huge win for the champions, who are now five points clear of the relegation zone.

Hull, meanwhile, remain second bottom of the table and are four points from safety after Crystal Palace won at West Brom.

Sergio Aguero struck for the fifth time in three games as Manchester City eased past relegation-haunted Sunderland and back into third place in the Premier League.

Aguero's 42nd-minute strike gave City the lead, with Leroy Sane adding a second after the break to secure a 2-0 victory -- but Pep Guardiola's men were made to work harder than they might have anticipated to claim the points.

The win leaves them eight points adrift of leaders Chelsea ahead of Wednesday night's home clash with Stoke.

But Sunderland, who have taken maximum points from just one of their last 10 league fixtures, remain rooted to the foot of the table, although manager David Moyes may take a crumb of comfort from the fact that they more than matched City until the opening goal.

They ran out knowing they were deep in trouble after wins for Crystal Palace, Swansea and Leicester on Saturday had left them six points adrift of safety with 12 games to go.

Few would have given them much chance of addressing that situation against high-flying City.

However, it was the Black Cats who enjoyed the better of the first half and they could have been forgiven for feeling aggrieved as they left the pitch 1-0 down at the break.

Had they enjoyed better fortune, Jermain Defoe's 20th-minute shot on the turn from Fabio Borini's astute pass might have gone in off the post rather than cannoned back off it, and the Italian might have been able to adjust quickly enough to head the rebound on target.

Full-back Billy Jones also could have made the breakthrough but headed a 36th-minute Adnan Januzaj corner straight at goalkeeper Willy Caballero and glanced another from Sebastian Larsson just wide soon afterwards.

City had not managed a single effort on target by the time the clock ticked to the 42nd minute -- but it was then that they flexed their muscles.

Yaya Toure and David Silva combined to play Raheem Sterling into space down the right and his low cross clipped full-back Bryan Oviedo, allowing Aguero to lift the ball expertly over keeper Jordan Pickford.

Silva saw a 57th-minute strike beaten away by Pickford and Lamine Kone blocked Aguero's attempt seconds later, but it was Sane who eased the visitors further ahead with 59 minutes gone.

The German did not have to break stride as he ran on to Silva's perfectly-weighted pass, and his finish off the inside of the far post was equally assured.

Caballero preserved his side's lead on the hour when he blocked Larsson's drive from a tight angle, while Defoe had a late effort ruled out for offside.

The visitors could have added a third late on, when only a fine save from Pickford denied Aguero his second goal of the day.

Middlesbrough dropped into the Premier League relegation zone as Marko Arnautovic's first-half brace condemned them to a 2-0 defeat at Stoke.

Boro fell behind in the 29th minute through a fine strike from Arnautovic, who added a close-range finish three minutes before half-time.

The Teessiders, who are winless in 10 league matches and have failed to score in their last four, are down to 18th in the table, with Crystal Palace moving up to 17th, three points clear of them, with a win at West Brom.

Boro's major problem is goals -- they are the lowest scorers in the division with just 19 this season so far.

And while there was a disallowed goal for Ben Gibson in the second half, Aitor Karanka's side rarely looked like scoring and they might have lost by more, Ramadan Sobhi hitting the bar early on and having a late header well saved by Victor Valdes.

It was hardly a surprise to hear some boos from the travelling fans at the final whistle.

In a bid to aid Boro's problems in attack, Karanka replaced Alvaro Negredo with January signing Rudy Gestede among five changes to the starting XI.

But Karanka was forced to make an early adjustment at the back after Daniel Ayala limped off in the eighth minute, with Bernardo Espinosa coming on.

Stoke almost grabbed the lead six minutes later when a great passing move ended with Sobhi meeting Arnautovic's cross with a shot that came back off the bar.

There was an opportunity for Karanka's men in the 25th minute when Marten de Roon burst into the Stoke box, but his shot was well blocked by Geoff Cameron - and, soon after, Boro were a goal down.

Glenn Whelan sent a long ball forward and Arnautovic did well to control, get away from George Friend and round Valdes to fire home.

As Boro attempted a positive response, captain Grant Leadbitter's strike from outside the area flew narrowly off-target after a big deflection.

But three minutes later they conceded once more, with their defending again questionable. Peter Crouch rose above Bernardo as a corner came in and directed a header towards goal that was hooked in by Arnautovic.

Boro were booed off at the interval and began the second half with forward Cristhian Stuani having been introduced for Gaston Ramirez.

They had the ball in the net around the hour mark when Gibson tapped in, but with the flag raised for offside the effort was ruled out.

Arnautovic's impressive display came to an end in the 65th minute as he was forced off by injury, Mame Diouf being sent on in his place.

But Stoke continued to look the more likely side to score for the remainder of the contest, particularly in the 84th minute when Sobhi headed towards the corner and Valdes just managed to save.

Nathan Redmond scored twice and Manolo Gabbiadini struck a sixth goal in four games as Southampton moved on from their Wembley woe with a 4-3 win at Watford.

EFL Cup finalists Southampton, beaten by Manchester United last Sunday, were trailing after four minutes as Troy Deeney volleyed in for his 100th league goal for Watford.

Dusan Tadic equalised and Redmond gave the visitors a deserved half-time lead, only for Stefano Okaka to level 11 minutes from time.

Gabbiadini pounced to punish Heurelho Gomes' error and Redmond struck a fine fourth to give the visitors a win that their pace and movement warranted.

There was a nervy conclusion, though, as Watford substitute Abdoulaye Doucoure netted in stoppage time.

Saints' previous Premier League game was the 4-0 win at Sunderland on February 11 and their next is at Tottenham on March 19, so Claude Puel was keen for a victory and got it as his side climbed to 10th place.

It was a Zlatan Ibrahimovic goal three minutes from time which defeated Saints at Wembley.

And little more than three minutes into their only Premier League game in 36 days two Younes Kaboul long throw-ins caused chaos.

From the second, Okaka controlled the ball with his back to goal and laid it off for Deeney to leap and execute a side-footed finish across goal.

It was the Watford skipper's ninth goal of the season and brought up a century of league goals for the club.

Saints responded. James Ward-Prowse and Gabbiadini were denied by Gomes as the visitors stretched Watford's newly-deployed back three.

Next Tadic ran at them and lost the ball, but Kaboul and Miguel Britos got in a muddle as they attempted to clear. The ball broke for Tadic, who fired low across goal into the bottom corner.

Redmond started the move which finished with his first Premier League goal since October.

He ran down the middle, fed Ward-Prowse who played it for Tadic on the right. Tadic pulled the ball back and Redmond finished well across goal.

Watford were also troubled at set-pieces. Gomes tipped over a Tadic volley after Watford cleared a corner only to the edge of the area.

And Gomes saved well to deny Maya Yoshida as the defender stretched to attempt to turn in a Tadic free-kick from wide on the left.

Fraser Forster saved with his feet to deny Okaka and Deeney fired wide soon afterwards.

And Watford levelled when substitute Isaac Success ran at Cedric Soares and crossed to the near post where Okaka tucked in.

Parity was short lived. Saints substitute Sofiane Boufal's shot from 25 yards bounced in front of Gomes, who did not claim it and Gabbiadini reacted first to score.

Saints had a two-goal cushion moments later.

Redmond cut in from the left and ran at a back-pedalling Prodl. The winger unleashed a vicious shot which beat Gomes.

Boufal shot narrowly wide after putting the ball through Kaboul's legs before Doucoure tapped in from a yard out, but time ran out for Watford as Saints celebrated.

Alexis Sanchez hit his 20th Premier League goal of the season as Arsenal saw off Southampton to keep their top-four hopes alive.

The Gunners secured a vital 2-0 win in this game in hand to leapfrog Manchester United into fifth and now sit three points adrift of fourth-placed Manchester City.

Sanchez struck the opener on the hour mark at St Mary's before Olivier Giroud came off the bench to make sure of the points with a close-range header.

Under-fire Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has constantly reiterated his side cannot put a foot wrong in their remaining games, and they were solid enough to take home victory from the south coast to keep them in the hunt for Champions League qualification.

Arsenal went into this match needing a win but also having to address woeful away form that had seen them take two points from a possible 24 on the road against current top-half teams.

They were not at their best here but in truth they did not need to be - this was nothing like the 4-0 thrashing they dished out in the corresponding fixture last term.

Southampton appear to be coasting to the season's end, with reported pressure on manager Claude Puel likely to ramp up after another lacklustre display.

Saints had their moments but looked short of ideas in attack, where out-of-sorts forward Manolo Gabbiadini again drew a blank.

The game started with nothing of the tempo and chances from Sunday's opening exchanges from Arsenal's weekend win over Manchester United.

But it was the visitors who had the first real chance as Aaron Ramsey sent an effort wide of goal following good work from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain.

The former Saints youngster was enjoying a bright spell down the right but there were no further opportunities of note in the opening half-hour.

That was until the Arsenal three-man defence conspired to play both Dusan Tadic and Gabbiadini onside, with the latter seeing an effort well saved by Petr Cech.

Wenger was forced into a change as the impressive Oxlade-Chamberlain went off with what appeared to be a hamstring issue - Hector Bellerin on in his place.

Gabbiadini then sent a contentious free-kick wide of Cech's goal before Arsenal's skipper for the night had to be at this best to tip a Nathan Redmond drive over the bar.

Both teams started the second half looking to get on the front foot but it took until the hour for Sanchez to open the scoring for Arsenal.

The Chile forward picked up a pass inside the box from Mesut Ozil and left both Maya Yoshida and Jack Stephens on the ground as he cut back inside and finished well.

The second came in the closing stages as substitute Giroud made certain of the points, heading home Ramsey's nod back across the box after more good work from Sanchez.

It was a professional display from there on in from Arsenal, who recorded a first league win at Southampton since their unbeaten title-winning season of 2003/04.

This victory may not mean as much as it did during the 'Invincibles' campaign, but it could have long-lasting ramifications for both Wenger and Arsenal as the Frenchman continues to contemplate whether to sign a new deal.

West Brom continue to exceed all expectations this season and remain surprise contenders for European football after beating Bournemouth 2-1 at The Hawthorns.

Expected to struggle, the Baggies are flying high in eighth place in the Premier League and seventh spot may bring qualification for next season's Europa League - a position currently occupied by Everton, who are four points ahead of Tony Pulis' team from as many matches.

Bournemouth took an early lead through Josh King's penalty but goals from defenders Craig Dawson and Gareth McAuley turned the game on its head before half-time as West Brom won at home for the seventh time in the last eight outings.

But it was only possible thanks to a superb injury-time save from Ben Foster to deny Tyrone Mings.

An exciting finale to the game followed a breathless beginning. Mark Clattenburg might have been hoping to keep a low profile in his first game since agreeing to become Saudi Arabia's new head of referees but he was asked to make a big decision after only five minutes when Allan Nyom clumsily brought down Ryan Fraser - and he pointed to the penalty spot.

King confidently tucked away the spot-kick into the bottom corner, sending Foster the wrong way.

There was a chance at either end before West Brom equalised, with Chris Brunt sending a shot into the side-netting for the hosts and Foster helping an Adam Smith effort over the crossbar.

Michael Keane was transformed from villain to hero as he rescued a point for Burnley, who are still without a Premier League win on the road this season after a 1-1 draw at relegation battlers Hull.

The Clarets defender smashed home a second-half equaliser minutes after his handball had gifted Hull a penalty, which Tom Huddlestone converted.

The point was not enough to lift the Tigers out of the bottom three following Crystal Palace's win against Middlesbrough, while Burnley, who had Ashley Barnes sent off in the closing stages, climbed one place to 10th despite registering only two points on their travels from 12 games in the top flight.

Former Hull pair George Boyd and Robbie Brady both featured in the opening stages for Burnley.

Boyd tested Hull goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic with a low shot, while Brady's dangerous cross was cut out at the near post by Harry Maguire.

Dieumerci Mbokani headed Hull's first effort on goal over the crossbar following Ahmed Elmohamady's cross and team-mate Kamil Grosicki failed to keep his lob on target.

Both sides probed, but neither was able to assert control. Brady, sold by Hull to Norwich for £7 million in 2015, dragged an angled shot wide and his 38th-minute free-kick almost led to the first goal when Ben Mee's header was pushed on to the crossbar by Jakupovic.

Grosicki curled a free kick narrowly off target and then crossed for Elmohamady to head just wide as an underwhelming first half came to an end.

Jamie Vardy's double inspired Leicester to victory over Liverpool as the champions sparked into life following Claudio Ranieri's sacking.

The England forward ended the Foxes' Premier League goal drought and secured a 3-1 win -- their first since New Year's Eve -- to lift the hosts out of the relegation zone, four days after the departure of title-winning manager Ranieri.

Danny Drinkwater netted a brilliant second goal between Vardy's strikes, with Philippe Coutinho's effort midway through the second half scant consolation for the lacklustre Reds.

Caretaker manager Craig Shakespeare and his team made light work of the controversy and speculation which had surrounded the club in the build-up to the match.

Vardy had been one of the players named as having reportedly met with the Thai owners to discuss Ranieri's future -- an accusation he fiercely denied -- and there was clear anger and frustration in his display.

Liverpool -- who missed the chance to return to the top four -- were completely unprepared for the revived champions, who demonstrated more effort and energy than they had for weeks in the league.

Shakespeare trusted the team which virtually picked itself to win the league last season, apart from Wilfred Ndidi replacing the departed N'Golo Kante.

It was a sad indictment of the Foxes' summer transfer business, with just two of their preseason signings in the squad and £16 million Ahmed Musa dropped completely.

Marouane Fellaini was sent off as Manchester City and Manchester United settled for a share of the spoils in the Manchester derby, with the two neighbours playing out a goalless draw at the Etihad Stadium.

Neither side were able to find a breakthrough on Thursday night, meaning City remain fourth in the Premier League table, one point and one position above rivals United.

City almost opened the scoring inside the ninth minute, with Kevin De Bruyne sending a ball in from the right which Sergio Aguero could only strike against the post from just a few yards out.

Claudio Bravo nearly handed United the opener after 25 minutes when he spilt Anthony Martial's cross, but the City keeper recovered well to deny Henrikh Mkhitaryan's effort on the follow-up.

Aguero came close for City again just after the half-hour mark when his strike from the edge of the box was saved by David De Gea, and he was involved once more a few minutes later as he turned his marker before firing just over the bar.

City began to dominate proceedings as Aleksandar Kolarov saw a strike saved at De Gea's near post in the 36th minute, before Raheem Sterling blazed an effort over shortly after.

Crystal Palace revived their hopes of securing Premier League survival with a 1-0 home defeat of Middlesbrough.

Victory, secured by a first-half goal from Patrick van Aanholt, also took them out of the bottom three and level with their visitors, who could yet struggle to avoid relegation.

Palace remain 17th but, having secured their first home league victory since Sam Allardyce's appointment in December, may yet have enough time to preserve their top-flight status.

Allardyce had had a fortnight uninterrupted by fixtures to work with his team, ending the demanding run that began with his arriva and finally giving him time to exert his influence during training.

He also handed loan signing Mamadou Sakho his debut in central defence, and the £13million capture Luka Milivojevic his first start at Selhurst Park.

Earlier this month, Palace's positive start against Sunderland was undermined when their confidence drained after they conceded the opening goal. They found themselves 4-0 down by half-time, but here Boro posed minimal attacking threat and gave the hosts time to settle.

Unlike on so many occasions this season, Palace did not lose belief when Wilfried Zaha's first attacks came to little, or when Christian Benteke tamely headed Van Aanholt's 13th-minute cross into Victor Valdes' hands.

Their organised visitors were content to sit deep and deprive them of clear-cut opportunities, but gradually Palace's pace and intent created the half-chance Van Aanholt needed.

Middlesbrough's Daniel Ayala had headed a high ball towards the edge of the area when the left-back controlled possession with his left foot before, with his right, shooting across goal and into the bottom right corner.

Harry Kane scored a first-half hat trick as Tottenham beat Stoke 4-0 and climbed up to second in the Premier League table.

Spurs were at their best at White Hart Lane but Stoke contributed to their own demise with an abject defensive display, with Kane more than happy to take advantage, before Dele Alli added a fourth in first-half stoppage time.

Kane's strikes in the 14th, 32nd and 37th minutes mean the striker has now scored two hat tricks in a week and three in nine appearances, coming on the heels of trebles against West Brom in the league and Fulham in the FA Cup last weekend.

Victory also sees Tottenham leapfrog Manchester City, reducing the gap behind leaders Chelsea to 10 points while pulling four clear of Liverpool in fifth. Stoke, meanwhile, stay 10th.

Midfielder Idrissa Gueye's first Premier League goal plus a record-equalling effort from Romelu Lukaku boosted Everton's European hopes while adding to Sunderland's relegation woes.

Gueye was among the unlikeliest to open the scoring, having failed to do so in 55 previous league appearances, but his fierce drive just before half-time was one worth waiting for.

Lukaku's goal, all his own work with a 50-yard sprint from the halfway line, equalled Duncan Ferguson's club-best tally of 60 in the Premier League.

The 2-0 victory put Ronald Koeman's side within six points of the top four, although Europa League qualification remains their primary target.

Defeat -- their sixth in 11 league matches -- for bottom side Sunderland saw them slip four points from safety and cap a disappointing return to Goodison Park for ex-Toffees boss David Moyes.

The Scot, who had 11 years at the Merseyside club, has yet to take a point off either of his former sides. He had two defeats to Everton while in charge of Manchester United and has three losses so far this season, two to the Toffees and one against United.

Black Cats goalkeeper Jordan Pickford looked rusty on his first appearance after two months out with a knee injury with his handling particularly suspect.

He allowed a Ademola Lookman shot to squirm through his hands and had to scramble back to prevent the ball crossing the line and he later fumbled a Ross Barkley shot around his right-hand post.

Chelsea moved 11 points clear at the top of the Premier League with a hard-fought 3-1 win over Swansea.

Cesc Fabregas scored on his 300th Premier League appearance, but Fernando Llorente equalised on the stroke of half-time.

Pedro scored Chelsea's second when his shot deceived Swansea's goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski and Diego Costa added a late third as Antonio Conte's men won a 12th successive home game.

With Manchester City not in action this weekend and Liverpool at Leicester on Monday, the Blues' advantage increased with 12 games to go.

Swansea's only defeats in six league games under former Chelsea assistant boss Paul Clement have come to Arsenal, City and now the Blues.

And the visitors might have felt aggrieved at being denied a second-half penalty when, with the score 1-1, the ball appeared to hit the arm of Cesar Azpilicueta.

Fabregas was selected ahead of Nemanja Matic for his first Premier League start of 2017 in the sole change to the starting XI from Chelsea's 1-1 draw at Burnley in their prior Premier League game.

Chelsea dominated the first half, with N'Golo Kante to the fore. The France midfielder has so often been likened to Claude Makelele, the former Chelsea midfielder who is now on Swansea's coaching staff.

Makelele would have admired how Kante broke up the visitors' play and showed again why he was so integral to Claudio Ranieri in Leicester's title win last season.

Kante is seeking a second successive title after his summer move to Stamford Bridge and Conte is willing to ``risk'' the sack following the departures of the last two title-winning bosses -- his predecessor Jose Mourinho and Ranieri.

Fabregas may not be considered the ideal foil for Kante, but he was out to disprove that here.

The Spain playmaker almost set-up Pedro in the opening minute, his counterpart curling over from the edge of the area.

Fabregas had an effort blocked before finishing in the style of Frank Lampard. Fittingly Chelsea's record scorer was the half-time guest.

Andre Ayew came off the bench to rescue a point for 10-man West Ham in a 1-1 draw at Watford.

The Hammers were trailing to Troy Deeney's third-minute penalty until Ayew tucked in the rebound after Michail Antonio's shot had hit both posts.

It was no more than West Ham deserved, as they were unlucky not to have been awarded a second-half spot-kick for an almost identical incident to the one which gave Watford the lead.

However, they had to hold out for the final five minutes with 10 men after Antonio was sent off for handball.

The evening also ended on a sad note for Hammers old boy Mauro Zarate, who won his side's penalty but departed on a stretcher with a serious-looking knee injury before half-time.

The winger made an immediate impact against his former side, darting into the area to meet Deeney's pass before being sent sprawling by Cheikhou Kouyate.

Deeney, who had to wait for what seemed like an age to bring up his 100th Watford goal earlier this season, rolled in the penalty for his fourth in five Premier League games.

Robbie Brady's stunning debut goal checked Chelsea's Premier League title charge as Burnley maintained their impressive home form in a 1-1 draw at Turf Moor.

Republic of Ireland international Brady, a £10 million deadline-day signing from Norwich, curled a home a superb 20-yard free kick to cancel out Pedro's early opener for Chelsea. Chelsea had won 16 of their previous 18 league games heading into the fixture, while Sean Dyche's Clarets were chasing a sixth straight home league win and their eighth in all competitions.

Burnley, yet to win on the road in the league this season, have steered clear of relegation trouble following promotion due to their formidable home form.

Although Chelsea finished the game stronger, Antonio Conte's side did not deserve to become only the fourth side to triumph at Turf Moor this season and the first since Manchester City in November.

Eden Hazard forced Tom Heaton to save low down to his right in the opening exchanges and it came as no surprise when Chelsea, unchanged from last week's home win against Arsenal, opened the scoring in the seventh minute.

Victor Moses drifted in from the right and threaded a pin-point pass down the middle for Pedro to run into the penalty area unopposed and slide the ball into Heaton's bottom right-hand corner.

Burnley, for whom another deadline-day signing, Ashley Westwood, also made his full debut, responded through Ashley Barnes, but the striker was off balance and his shot barely troubled Thibaut Cortois.

The home side went closer in the 20th minute -- George Boyd and Barnes combined on the edge of the area and the latter's effort flew two yards wide -- before a moment of individual brilliance from Brady hauled them level in the 24th minute.

Second-bottom Crystal Palace were beaten for a sixth time in eight Premier League matches under Sam Allardyce as Joe Allen's second-half strike condemned them to a 1-0 defeat at Stoke.

Palace were in considerable need of a boost a week on from the humiliating 4-0 home loss to basement boys Sunderland.

But they found themselves on the end of another defeat after Allen fired into the bottom corner in the 67th minute following good work from Ramadan Sobhi.

In a game that was pretty low on entertainment, Stoke had gone close to scoring just before the break when the impressive Bruno Martins Indi's header was cleared off the line by Andros Townsend.

Allardyce's men, who rarely threatened, remain two points adrift of 17th-placed Swansea and 16th-placed Leicester, whose game in hand over Palace comes when they play each other at the Liberty Stadium on Sunday. Stoke, meanwhile, are up two places to ninth.

Palace goalkeeper Wayne Hennessey, beaten four times before half-time on his last outing, produced a decent save in the ninth minute as he got down to block a strike from the edge of the box by Marko Arnautovic.

The visitors then registered their first goalscoring attempt eight minutes later when Townsend delivered a cross and James McArthur headed wide.

A shot at the Stoke goal from Patrick van Aanholt followed as Lee Grant dealt with comfortably, but it was the hosts who were applying more pressure, with Peter Crouch and Allen sending headers off-target and Arnautovic seeing another low effort saved by Hennessey.

Mark Hughes' men then almost had the lead in the last few moments of the half as Martins Indi nodded a corner goalwards, Townsend getting there to make the last-ditch clearance.

Nine minutes into the second half, the ball squirmed through to Palace frontman Christian Benteke in front of goal via a Jason Puncheon shot, but the Belgian was unable to react quickly enough and the danger passed.

The game then went into something of a lull, before the deadlock was broken when Arnautovic's long ball forward was held up well by Sobhi, who then provided the tee-up from which Allen drilled into the corner.

Palace struggled to muster much in their search for an equaliser, with a shot from James Tomkins and late free-kick from Townsend both being blazed into the stand.

At the other end, Stoke substitute Ibrahim Afellay was almost played in by an attempted one-two with Arnautovic but was beaten to the return pass by the out-rushing Hennessey.

Late substitute Rudy Gestede was denied by a brilliant late save from Everton goalkeeper Joel Robles as Middlesbrough were frustrated in their efforts to clamber clear of the relegation dogfight at a freezing Riverside Stadium.

Gestede rose to meet an 88th minute cross from Calum Chambers and powered a header which Robles tipped over the bar to deny Boro a first win in eight Premier League games.

Captain Ben Gibson also had a second-half header cleared off the line for Aitor Karanka's men while Romelu Lukaku and Ademola Lookman both missed earlier chances for Everton.

Boro had spent part of last week on a mid-season break in Benidorm and it took them time to re-acclimatise to the plunging north-east temperatures as the visitors had the better of an open first period.

Fresh from his four-goal haul against Bournemouth last week, Lukaku missed the best chance to equal Duncan Ferguson's club record of 60 Premier League goals when he fired straight at Boro keeper Victor Valdes on the half hour.

Tom Davies had created most of the visitors' chances up to that point, narrowly failing to reach Ross Barkley's third minute cross from the right then just beaten by Valdes in a race to reach an Idrissa Gueye's through-ball.

Adama Traore presented Boro's most likely early threat, with his lofted shot from the right almost catching out Everton keeper Joel Robles in the 10th minute, but it was Adam Forshaw who missed the home side's best chance when he hesitated in the box after being played in by Marten de Roon, allowing Robles to clear.

After Lukaku missed the best chance of the half, it was the turn of Lookman to try to break the deadlock, with Valdes blocking his effort from point-blank range after Seamus Coleman's deep cross.

Lookman also lashed a right-foot shot into the side-netting two minutes before the break but it was Boro who started the second period with more purpose, with Cristhian Stuani heading into Robles' arms from a Forshaw free-kick.

Everton looked short of ideas at the start of the second period and it took until the hour mark for them to present any kind of threat, as Lukaku's low cross in front of goal was cut out by Adam Clayton with Lookman lurking.

Boro went close four minutes later when Gibson met Bernardo's corner from the right and directed the ball goalwards only for Baines to head off the line and away to safety.

But moments later it was Everton's chance to grab the opener when Barkley threaded a fine low ball through to Lookman, who stabbed a poor shot which was nevertheless well blocked by Valdes.

Alvaro Negredo was inches from connecting with a deep cross from the left by Fabio in the 82nd minute then Gestede, who replaced the Spaniard eight minutes from time, came closest of all.

A double from Alexis Sanchez saw Arsenal seal a crucial home win over Hull in a largely forgettable Premier League clash at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.

Sanchez opened the scoring with a controversial effort that came off his hand and wrapped up the points with an injury-time penalty after Sam Clucas was sent off for handling a Lucas Perez header on the line.

With Arsenal having lost at home to Watford and slipped to defeat at Chelsea in their last two outings, a minority of fans once again turned on manager Arsene Wenger.

But, with the Frenchman in the stands as he served the last game of his four-match touchline ban, his side returned to winning ways.

The victory just about keeps the Gunners in the title picture and means they retain their spot in the top four ahead of the Champions League trip to Bayern Munich in midweek.

Some Arsenal fans stayed away from the game as a form of protest, and their side were not at their best against Marco Silva's spirited Hull.

Liverpool loanee Lazar Markovic danced through into the Arsenal box early on but his low cross just evaded the onrushing Oumar Niasse.

Petr Cech was called into action soon after as a long ball to Kamil Grosicki caught out the Arsenal defence and the Poland international crossed for Niasse, who header was pushed behind.



Champions Leicester City fell deeper into the Premier League relegation mire as fellow strugglers Swansea took another stride towards survival with a 2-0 win at the Liberty Stadium.

First-half goals from defenders Alfie Mawson and Martin Olsson made it four wins in six league games for the Welsh club and five defeats in a row for Leicester.

At the end of a week when the Leicester hierarchy had publicly backed manager Claudio Ranieri, this was not what the Italian needed as the threat of his side becoming the first English champions to be relegated in the following season since 1938.

They are the first champions to lose five straight games in a season since Chelsea in 1956, are still without a league goal in 2017 and remain a solitary point above the bottom three.

Swansea, meanwhile, are four points clear of the relegation zone as they continue to build momentum under Paul Clement.

Under the circumstances it was a predictably cagey opening.

The visitors survived an early penalty appeal when Gylfi Sigurdsson's strike hit Wes Morgan's hand, but referee Jon Moss waved the claims.

Swansea were forced into an early change as Nathan Dyer -- who had been on loan at Leicester during their title-winning campaign -- limped off with an ankle problem to be replaced by Wayne Routledge.

Leicester looked to the pace of Riyad Mahrez, Jamie Vardy and Demarai Gray to unsettle Swansea, and Mawson had to be alert to deny Vardy after a rapid break.

The centre-half made another telling contribution as he stood up well to block a Mahrez effort after Swansea had given the ball away cheaply in midfield.

It took 34 minutes for either keeper to make a save, with Kasper Schmeichel getting down well to repel Routledge's volley from a Sigurdsson flick before the Iceland international bent an effort narrowly wide.

There was a bit of niggle about proceedings too, with Leroy Fer and Jack Cork booked for cynical fouls and Robert Huth getting the same punishment for a clumsy tackle on Tom Carroll.

As the temperature rose, Swansea grabbed the lead. Huth's clearing header only found Federico Fernandez, who knocked the ball down for centre-half partner Mawson to volley home his third goal in six games.

Swansea began to find some fluency and landed a heavy blow in first-half stoppage time by doubling their lead.

Sigurdsson and Fernando Llorente linked up superbly to find Olsson's overlapping run and the Sweden international rifled his first Swansea goal past Schmeichel.

Ranieri sent on Islam Slimani and Ben Chilwell for Marc Albrighton and Christian Fuchs for the second half and saw his side dominate possession.

But they struggled to create anything of note, and when they did manage to set Gray free down the left he could only slice his cross into the hands of Lukasz Fabianski.

Eventually they did give Fabianski a meaningful save to make as Mahrez slipped in Slimani, who was denied by a good stop.

Swansea dropped ever deeper but Leicester could not summon the guile to take advantage as attack after attack foundered against a determined rearguard.

Their day, and perhaps their season, was summed up when Vardy -- finally afforded a clear view of goal -- sliced high and wide.

Sergio Aguero offered a reminder of his value to Manchester City as they moved to second in the Premier League with a 2-0 win at Bournemouth.

The striker, whose future has been the subject of growing speculation since he lost his starting place to Gabriel Jesus, came off the bench to replace the injured Brazilian and force an own goal after Raheem Sterling had given them the lead.

In his pursuit of a first victory of 2017, Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe recalled £15 million club-record signing Jordon Ibe, handing the winger his first league start since their defeat by Sunderland on Nov. 5.

There were also recalls for Charlie Daniels and Adam Smith, and his team's reaction was to begin with a belief that belied their poor form.

The promising combination of Smith and Ibe created the Cherries' first sight on goal in the 19th minute. After Smith ran down the right wing and found his teammate, Ibe played a one-two with Jack Wilshere to bypass Fernandinho before attempting to round goalkeeper Willy Caballero, who dispossessed him with his outstretched right foot.

City -- who had retained the front three of Leroy Sane, Sterling and Gabriel and started Fernandinho in the unfamiliar position of left-back -- began with similar intent.

Manolo Gabbiadini struck twice on Wearside as Southampton cruised to a 4-0 Premier League victory at bottom of the table Sunderland.

Southampton's £14.6 million January signing from Napoli left the locals among a crowd of 39,931 cursing as he set the visitors on the road to just a second league win in eight attempts, with Jason Denayer's own goal and a fourth from substitute Shane Long completing the rout.

Sunderland boss David Moyes and his players had been buoyed by their resounding 4-0 win at Crystal Palace last weekend and sensed an opportunity to climb from the foot of the table.

And as the Saints arrived at a wintry Stadium of Light with one eye on the EFL Cup final, the home side started in promising fashion.

Darron Gibson, making his first start, and Didier Ndong drove them on as they pushed the visitors back, and, had 14-goal striker Jermain Defoe been able to react quickly enough to convert Adnan Januzaj's near-post cross rather than stab his effort wide, they might have had some reward.

But Southampton eased themselves into the game with full-back Ryan Bertrand enjoying the space he was afforded down the left, and that avenue proved profitable on the half-hour.

Bertrand's teasing cross sent defender Lamine Kone and Gabbiadini -- who had earlier scuffed a shot across goal -- into battle at the near post and the ball ended up in the net with replays suggesting it had gone in via the striker's shoulder.

But there was no doubting who had got the final touch when the Saints extended their lead as the clock ticked into first-half stoppage time.

Dusan Tadic picked out 25-year-old Gabbiadini's run inside the penalty area and the frontman turned defender John O'Shea before firing past goalkeeper Vito Mannone.

O'Shea was replaced by midfielder Steven Pienaar at the break, but things might have got worse within seconds of the restart when Gabbiadini volleyed straight at Mannone.

Sunderland were bereft of ideas and found themselves under constant pressure, with Mannone beating away a stinging 63rd-minute Tadic drive after he was allowed time and space to cut inside.

Saints goalkeeper Fraser Forster made his first save with 66 minutes gone when he fielded Ndong's speculative effort, but Mannone had to palm away Long's header and a shot from Nathan Redmond as time ran down.

However, the Italian was powerless when Denayer turned Bertrand's 88th-minute cross past him, and Long added to the hosts' misery in stoppage time.

Sadio Mane scored twice against Tottenham as Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool recorded their first Premier League victory of 2017.

The result, courtesy of two strikes in as many minutes from Mane, lifted the Reds back into the top four and to within a point of their second-placed opponents.

But it also handed leaders Chelsea, who travel to Burnley on Sunday, the chance to extend their advantage over Spurs to 12 points.

That is of little concern for Liverpool, whose primary objective is to secure Champions League football -- and condemning Mauricio Pochettino's men to a first loss for two months did that bid no harm.

The hosts' start was electric and full of pressing and pace -- most of it provided by Mane, whose month-long absence at the African Nations Cup was a major factor in Liverpool's recent slump in form.

There was only one change from last week's abject display at Hull but it was a significant one, with Georginio Wijnaldum replacing Emre Can.

The Holland international's inclusion was a key component as his intelligence, coupled with an outlet in Mane, had Spurs pinned back early on.

Had it not been for goalkeeper Hugo Lloris, Liverpool could have emulated the 2014 demolition of Arsenal, when they were 4-0 up within 20 minutes.

Anthony Martial impressed on his return to the Manchester United starting lineup, scoring one and providing the other as Jose Mourinho's men comfortably overcame Watford.

The player started brightly when he arrived from Monaco but has struggled to recapture that form this term, with his lack of game time leading to questions over his happiness and Old Trafford future.

Martial this week took to social media to dismiss the rumours and let his feet do the talking upon with a starting role against Watford, setting up Juan Mata's opener and scoring a smart second to secure a 2-0 win on Saturday.

It was an important victory as the race for the top four heats up and extended United's unbeaten Premier League run to a 16th match -- their longest run since Sir Alex Ferguson retired.

Walter Mazzarri's Watford had started encouragingly enough at Old Trafford but there was to be no repeat of September's memorable win as the home side upped the ante, with Mata turning home at the end of an impressive team move.

Martial provided the cross and then United's second in the 60th minute, showing impressive belief and coolness to turn home at the near post having been reduced to a watching brief for the last two matches.

The 21-year-old was one of two changes for the first United match since the 59th anniversary of the Munich air disaster, with players wearing black armbands in memory of those that died.

The late Graham Taylor was also remembered by Sir Alex Ferguson in the programme for a game that Watford began adventurously.

Troy Deeney was flanked by exciting January signings M'Baye Niang and Mauro Zarate, with the latter frustrated by the former trying his luck from the edge of the box rather than playing him through.

Jose Holebas flashed a left-footed strike just across the face of goal and Zarate saw an overhead kick saved in an open start to proceedings, but it was far from one-way traffic.

Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Zlatan Ibrahimovic failed either side of Martial's blocked effort, with Heurelho Gomes producing an acrobatic stop to claw away a 30-yard attempt by Paul Pogba.

A close-range tap-in was chalked off by referee Robert Madley as United kept the pressure on, with Ibrahimovic firing over following a super pass from Pogba, who was then denied by the in-form Gomes.

The Brazilian superbly thwarted Ibrahimovic after Ander Herrera and Mkhitaryan missed the target, but there was little the Hornets goalkeeper could do to prevent United's classy 31st-minute opener.

Having sent a neat flick into the path of Mkhitaryan, Mata darted into the box and turned home Daley Blind's low cross on the edge of the six-yard box.

Etienne Capoue saw penalty claims waved away in a brief break from United's dominance, which continued towards half-time as Mkhitaryan and Martial were frustrated.

The latter was impressing on his return to the starting line-up and had Watford worried within two minutes into the restart, flying down the left and firing across the face of goal.

Martial was proving a handful and, after David De Gea produced a fine save to stop Zarate's 25-yard free kick, increased United's advantage in the 60th minute.

The 21-year-old burst into the box with pace and intelligence, cutting back and tucking a shot into the near post to the delight of the Stretford End.

It was just reward for United's attacking intent but Watford were threatening at the other end, with the stumbling Deeney hitting wide and forcing De Gea into action either side of a threatening Niang cross.

Ibrahimovic and Mkhitaryan had shots saved at the other end, as did Marcus Rashford after replacing Martial with 10 minutes remaining.

United top scorer Ibrahimovic failed to add a third, turning an unorthodox strike wide, on an afternoon that saw United become the first team to win 2,000 points in the Premier League.

West Brom secured a stoppage-time goal to rescue a 2-2 draw at West Ham.

The hosts felt Nacer Chadli's early goal should not have stood and were unhappy one of their own was disallowed -- but they appeared to have secured a fourth win with goals from Sofiane Feghouli and Manuel Lanzini.

However, substitute Jonny Evans headed a late equaliser to earn the visitors a Premier League point.

A groin injury had ruled Andy Carroll out of a fixture attended by England manager Gareth Southgate and forced West Ham boss Slaven Bilic to play Michael Antonio as his lone striker.

For the third game in succession, West Brom took a sixth minute lead. Amid the hosts' appeals for a foul by Chris Brunt on Feghouli, Chadli took advantage of their lack of focus and static defending to beat Cheikhou Kouyate before calmly finishing between goalkeeper Darren Randolph's legs from close range.

Robert Snodgrass threatened when he forced the diving Ben Foster to tip the ball around the far left post - but thereafter their inability to replace the focal point of Carroll was clear.

The influence of Salomon Rondon, as physically imposing as Carroll, demonstrated that further. Teeing up Matt Phillips' header with few options in the 15th minute, the striker was unfortunate not to double their lead when he powerfully struck the crossbar from the edge of the area.

Only two minutes later, Feghouli felt he had equalised - but his effort was instead rightly ruled offside by referee Michael Oliver. Foster had unconvincingly punched another delivery from Snodgrass no further than Lanzini when the midfielder's pass found the Algeria international, whose close-range finish was disallowed with Antonio in an offside position.

The influential Feghouli also dragged a shot wide of the far left post from the edge of the area, and ended a counter-attack led by Antonio because of a heavy touch, before being rewarded for his perseverance in the 63rd minute.

Lanzini aimed towards the top corner and after his curling shot was tipped onto the bar by Foster, Feghouli raced onto the rebound to score from close-range and level the scores.

Lanzini appeared to have secured all three points for the hosts in the 86th minute when he again created space on the edge of the area and curled a shot into the bottom left corner beyond Foster.

However, the visitors earned a final set-piece in the fourth minute of added time - and Brunt brilliantly crossed towards Evans, who headed from the back post inside the far right corner of the net.

Marcos Alonso, Eden Hazard and Cesc Fabregas were all on target as Chelsea defeated Arsenal 3-1 at Stamford Bridge to consolidate their lead at the top of the Premier League table.

Alonso opened the scoring in the 13th minute and Hazard added an excellent second eight minutes into the second half before Fabregas made it three against his old club, with Olivier Giroud pulling one back for Arsenal, as the Blues took a major step towards the title.

It was Arsenal who created the first chance of the game inside the second minute, with Alex Iwobi picking up the ball on the edge of the box and seeing his strike deflect just wide of the goal.

Chelsea fashioned their first opportunity after 11 minutes when Pedro found Gary Cahill inside the area with a free kick, only for the centre-back to head his cross over the bar.

The hosts, however, managed to break the deadlock two minutes later, with Alonso beating Hector Bellerin to a loose ball to head home the rebound after Diego Costa had first crashed his own header back off the crossbar.

Chelsea, in control of the game at this point, nearly made it two soon after with Pedro playing in Costa, only for the striker to fire an effort into the side netting.

The Blues kept up the pressure against the visitors and created another opportunity after 32 minute when Alonso found Pedro in the box, with the Spaniard then forcing Petr Cech into a save.

Striker Romelu Lukaku scored Everton's fastest Premier League goal after just 31 seconds on his way to grabbing four in a 6-3 win over Bournemouth.

The 23-year-old struck almost straight from kickoff and was gifted another - after a fortuitous second for James McCarthy -- as the hosts raced into a 3-0 half-time lead.

However, a Josh King double set up a tenser-than-expected finish before Lukaku added two more late on, becoming Everton's second-highest Premier League goalscorer just one behind Duncan Ferguson (60).

There was time for Harry Arter to tap in the visitors' third ahead of Ross Barkley scoring Everton's sixth.

Manager Ronald Koeman had hailed the ``different spirit'' within the squad following a January clear-out of Darron Gibson, Bryan Oviedo, Tom Cleverley, Oumar Niasse and Gerard Deulofeu but new arrivals Morgan Schneiderlin and 19-year-old Ademola Lookman, handed his full Premier League debut, have brought a much-needed dynamism.

The side is gradually morphing into one which Koeman believes should be targeting sixth-placed Manchester United, two points ahead albeit with a match in hand, in the quest for European honours this season.

However, while they are still capable of second-half switch-offs like this one cracking the top six monopoly may prove difficult. If they are to do it Lukaku's goals are going to be pivotal.

Soporific starts have so often affected matches at Goodison but not this one with Lukaku and McCarthy exchanging rapid passes before the latter curled home left-footed to beat David Unsworth's 32-second effort against Fulham in David Moyes' first game at the club in March 2002.

Lookman, who has settled quickly at this level having played League One football for Charlton up until Boxing Day, then flashed a shot across Artur Boruc's goal.

Watford secured successive Premier League wins for the first time since September as 10-man Burnley saw their dismal away form continue.

First-half headers from Troy Deeney and January signing M'Baye Niang were enough for the Hornets to seal a 2-1 win at Vicarage Road and build on their stunning win at Arsenal in midweek.

Burnley played the majority of the game a man short after midfielder Jeff Hendrick was sent off after just six minutes.

Ashley Barnes' penalty gave the Clarets hope but they have now claimed just one point from a possible 33 on the road, with only Sky Bet Championship strugglers Rotherham winning fewer away points in the top four divisions this season.

Deadline-day signings Ashley Westwood and Robbie Brady were named on the Burnley bench while Watford made two changes from their last game.

Mauro Zarate, who made his debut following suspension, and Jose Holebas started in place of Miguel Britos and Daryl Janmaat and Holebas would play a crucial role in the turning point of the match.

After a quiet opening, the visitors were reduced to ten men after six minutes when referee Michael Oliver dismissed Hendrick for a reckless two-footed challenge on Holebas. The Watford defender momentarily hobbled off but returned to the field, much to the dismay of the Burnley supporters.

Burnley's afternoon went from bad to worse four minutes later. Niang cut in from the right flank and floated a beautiful cross onto the head of Deeney, who out-muscled Clarets defender Matt Lowton at the far post.

Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool lurched to another painful and potentially costly defeat as Italian defender Andrea Ranocchia inspired a famous 2-0 win for relegation-threatened Hull at the KC Stadium.

Klopp's sorry recent record now shows just one win from Liverpool's last 10 games in all competitions after goals from Alfred N'Diaye and substitute Oumar Niasse gave Marco Silva's men a mighty boost.

Signed on loan from Inter Milan last month, Ranocchia produced an immense display on his full debut to repeatedly shut down the visitors' sporadic attacks before threading the stunning late through-ball from which Niasse put the game beyond doubt.

Ranocchia had only been elevated to the starting line-up after Michael Dawson was injured in the warm-up and both his performance and those of fellow debutants N'Diaye and Kamil Grosicki suggest Silva's men have survival in their sights.

The new Tigers boss has imbued his side with belief and confidence and it was evident at both ends of the pitch, in contrast to Klopp's men who failed abjectly to make their portions of pressure tell.

Two glaring misses from Philippe Coutinho summed up another abject day for the visitors, who only had themselves to blame as their top-four credentials took another major pounding.

The return of Sadio Mane from African Nations Cup duty promised to help the Reds get back on track but the Senegal man was rendered a bit-part player for long periods and had only one fine second-half chance to make an impression.

The visitors might have expected an easier afternoon when Coutinho was afforded far too much space in the Hull box in the second minute but failed to take advantage.

Two goals in less than two minutes at the end of the first half put Manchester United on their way to an easy 3-0 victory at Leicester City as the Premier League champions' relegation worries deepened.

A largely drab first period -- in which the visitors' Marcus Rashford saw a low effort superbly tipped away by goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel and home skipper Wes Morgan had a dangerous header blocked -- had seemed set to fizzle out into a goalless half-time scoreline.

But a moment of quality from Henrikh Mkhitaryan changed all that after 41 minutes when he controlled a Chris Smalling header and got away from Robert Huth, racing into the penalty area before firing a powerful finish into the top corner off Schmeichel.

Seconds later it was 2-0 as Zlatan Ibrahimovic -- central to many of United's best moments -- took advantage of more hesitation in the home defence to sweep home a finish after Antonio Valencia's skimming low cross had found him unmarked.

By that stage United were arguably fortunate to still have 10 men on the pitch after Juan Mata was booked for a clattering challenge on Jamie Vardy for which he could well have seen red -- and the midfielder was on hand to wrap up the match just three minutes into the second period.

Home manager Claudio Ranieri made two changes at the break, taking off Ahmed Musa and Shinji Okazaki for Demarai Gray and Andy King, with Manchester United bringing off Marcos Rojo and replacing him with Daley Blind.

But Ranieri and Leicester saw their hopes of salvaging anything from another worrying afternoon disappear when Mata played a one-two with Mkhitaryan and finished coolly beyond the exposed Schmeichel, with the stranded Morgan playing him well onside, to make it 3-0.

The home goalkeeper prevented United from making it four soon afterwards with a smart save from Rashford as Leicester continued to offer virtually nothing at the other end, although Riyad Mahrez did brush the side netting with one curling free kick.

Mata could have doubled his tally when a ball over the top found him in acres of space with the home defence nowhere, but he was unable to lift his attempted finish over Schmeichel.

Vardy flicked a header well over as Leicester continued to fail to find any cutting edge, while United boss Jose Mourinho substituted Mata and replaced him with Marouane Fellaini with 15 minutes remaining.

A late Gray effort deflected wide for a thoroughly demoralised home team before a long-range Paul Pogba effort was clutched by Leicester and the game fizzled out to a chorus of boos from the home crowd.

Harry Kane put Tottenham clear in second place at the top of the Premier League table by scoring a second-half penalty to seal a 1-0 victory over Middlesbrough.

Spurs were dominant throughout at White Hart Lane but they struggled to break down a resilient Boro side until Kane converted his spot kick after the excellent Son Heung-Min was fouled by Espinosa Bernardo.

Victor Valdes was also fortunate not to be sent off early on after he pushed Dele Alli in the face.

Tottenham's win means they reduce the gap behind Chelsea back to nine points, and move three points clear in second, while Middlesbrough stay 15th, one point above the relegation zone.

Boro have scored only eight goals in 11 away games all season and for all their defensive organisation, they rarely looked like adding to that tally here.

A crucial period now follows for Aitor Karanka's men who will surely need some sort of cushion before beginning a run-in that includes Arsenal, Manchester City, Chelsea and Liverpool in their final six games of the season.

Tottenham enjoyed 71 percent possession during a one-sided first half but found themselves frustrated by the visitors' disciplined rearguard action.

Son was his team's most potent threat down the left and he should have broken the deadlock early on when set free by Alli, but his driven finish was palmed away by Valdes.

Valdes' moment of indiscretion came soon after. Alli had just fired into the side-netting when the pair locked foreheads, with Valdes continuing the argument by pushing the midfielder in the face and poking him in the cheek.

West Brom maintained their push for the Europa League as they beat Stoke 1-0 on Saido Berahino's return to The Hawthorns.

James Morrison's third goal in five Premier League games earned the Baggies a deserved victory to leave them eighth in the top flight.

Joe Allen and Erik Pieters missed fine chances for Stoke but they lost the game following an insipid first-half performance.

Berahino was introduced as a second-half substitute, making a quick return to The Hawthorns following his £12million transfer last month.

It also came two days after both clubs confirmed he served an eight-week ban between October and December.

The Daily Mail reported this week Berahino tested positive for a recreational drug during his time at The Hawthorns, although neither club has confirmed the reason for his suspension.

The striker made little impact and it was Morrison, who he had a dressing room bust-up with Berahino in 2014, who was the match-winner.

Morrison's goal marked a rapid start from the Baggies with Salomon Rondon having a goal ruled out for offside after just five minutes.

But they needed to wait just 90 second longer for the winner as Morrison continued his fine form.

Nacer Chadli's neat run went unchecked and he threaded a pass through to the Scot who ran behind the Stoke defence and fired across Lee Grant from the angle.

It was a lightning start from the hosts and Morrison and Rondon went close to adding a second when Chris Brunt's low centre fizzed across goal.

Stoke were restricted to hanging balls towards Peter Crouch but the striker, who scored his 100th Premier League goal against Everton in mid-week, remained isolated and starved of decent service.

Sunderland began their latest attempt to secure another great escape from relegation with a convincing 4-0 victory at troubled Crystal Palace.

Strengthened by their recruitment throughout January and the returns of those playing at the African Nations Cup, they left their hosts at their greatest risk of relegation since they returned to the Premier League in 2013.

Even after Jermain Defoe's two goals doubled the advantage built by earlier finishes from Lamine Kone and Didier N'Dong, Sunderland's latest three points only brought their total to 19 -- level with 19th-placed Palace -- and did not lift them from the bottom of the Premier League standings.

Crucially, however, now manager David Moyes has a competent squad and overseen such a positive performance after their resilience earned a 0-0 draw with Tottenham on Tuesday, the bigger picture has vastly improved.

As Sunderland likely did after holding Spurs, Palace felt their 2-0 win at Bournemouth, also on Tuesday, could provide the platform they needed to rebuild their confidence and gradually move towards safety. With Sam Allardyce in charge they also have the manager who so impressively inspired their visitors to survival less than 12 months ago.

It regardless took only 10 minutes for that illusion to be shattered. From a right-wing free-kick, Sebastian Larsson crossed to Kone, who after goalkeeper Wayne Hennessey spilt his header under pressure from Billy Jones, reacted to finish from the floor inside the far right post.

Gabriel Jesus scored a stoppage-time winner as Manchester City snatched a 2-1 victory over Swansea City in the Premier League.

City had looked like they would have to settle for a point after the relegation-threatened Swans recovered from a first-half battering at the Etihad Stadium to equalise through Gylfi Sigurdsson on 81 minutes.

But Pep Guardiola's men stepped up the pressure in the latter stages and Jesus, who had opened the scoring after 11 minutes, claimed his second of the game after Lukasz Fabianski saved his header.

The result lifted City to third in the table and enabled them to breathe a sigh of relief after a performance of near complete dominance before the break.

West Ham got back to winning ways as Southampton's dismal run in the Premier League continued with a 3-1 defeat at St Mary's.

Deadline-day signing Manolo Gabbiadini fired Saints ahead just 12 minutes into his debut, but that was as good as it got for the hosts.

Andy Carroll equalised within two minutes, Pedro Obiang added the second before half-time and a Steven Davis own-goal left EFL Cup finalists Southampton with just three points from the last 21 available.

It also meant a winning return to the south coast for former Saints captain Jose Fonte, who left to join West Ham a fortnight ago.

The Portugal defender endured a torrid debut in the 4-0 midweek defeat by Manchester City - and he was conspicuous by his absence when Southampton took the lead.

Jay Rodriguez's speculative ball somehow caught out the West Ham defence, looping over Fonte and Cheikhou Kouyate into the path of Gabbiadini.

The £17million new boy still had plenty to do as he cut in from the left but his powerful angled drive rocketed past Darren Randolph and in off the underside of the crossbar.

Yet within two minutes Southampton's defence, minus the injured Virgil van Dijk as well as Fonte, went missing themselves.

Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp delivered on his promise of a big performance after a miserable week of results but Chelsea had the better night at Anfield.

The Premier League leaders left with a point, which could have been three had Diego Costa not missed a penalty, but results elsewhere improved their evening and the way Antonio Conte celebrated at the final whistle suggested he was delighted.

Arsenal's defeat by Watford and Tottenham's two dropped points at Sunderland meant even a 1-1 draw against Liverpool strengthened Chelsea's position at the top.

Chelsea's advantage is now nine points after David Luiz's free-kick was cancelled out by Georginio Wijnaldum's second-half header, while for Liverpool a fourth successive home defeat for only the second time in their history was avoided -- and deservedly so.

The mood around Anfield has been in freefall, matching recent performances, but this fixture always gets the juices flowing and was the perfect antidote to some insipid displays.

Having taken an hour to produce a shot on target against Sky Bet Championship side Wolves at the weekend, there were only 12 minutes gone when Wijnaldum forced Thibaut Courtois to extend himself.

Liverpool enjoyed the vast majority of possession as they benefited from facing a team who, unlike most who come to Anfield, were not intent on shutting up shop.

But they did not do enough early on to test their visitors, who travelled without Branislav Ivanovic as he finalised a move to Zenit St Petersburg, and the sucker-punch duly came in the 24th minute.

A Ryan Shawcross own goal earned Everton a 1-1 draw at Stoke after Peter Crouch scored for the 100th time in the Premier League.
Crouch's landmark moment came in the seventh minute when the veteran striker tucked home a close-range finish.
The Potters had chances to add to their lead before the visitors drew level six minutes prior to half-time as the ball was struck goalwards by Seamus Coleman and went in off Shawcross.
New Stoke signing Saido Berahino came off the bench for his debut in the second half and saw an effort cleared away by Ramiro Funes Mori late on, and home goalkeeper Lee Grant subsequently made an excellent save to keep out a Tom Davies header.
The point apiece sees seventh-placed Everton and Stoke, who are up to ninth, extend their unbeaten runs to six and four league games respectively.
With neither club having been involved in the FA Cup fourth round, there had been an 11-day gap between this contest and their last outings.
And it was Stoke who looked to be feeling the benefits of a rest early on as they settled quickly and grabbed the lead via Crouch.
Marko Arnautovic latched on to Charlie Adam's long pass and squared the ball to Crouch, who slotted home a simple finish before celebrating his milestone with his well-known 'robot' routine, much to the delight of his team-mates and the Stoke fans.
While Everton struggled to offer much in response, with Romelu Lukaku dragging a shot wide, Crouch - who turned 36 on Monday - looked very much in the mood, having a header saved by Joel Robles and then drilling a firm effort just the wrong side of the Spaniard's post.
Robles then rushed out to block a shot from Arnautovic as Stoke continued to exert pressure.
But the hosts saw their lead disappear just before the break due to a goal it initially appeared would not be awarded, with the flag going up when Coleman struck the ball and it ended up in the net.
A few moments later referee Craig Pawson, after speaking to his assistant, signalled that it was a goal, and replays of the incident showed that, while Lukaku may have been in an offside position, it was not he but Shawcross who the ball had hit on its way in.
Arnautovic was presented with another chance just before the interval, but Robles again thwarted him, then just about did enough to ensure he was not left red-faced shortly after the break as Adam tried another one of his spectacular strikes from near the halfway line.
Crouch headed wide and was then joined in attack by Berahino as he came on for his bow.
Everton reacted by bringing on a January signing of their own in Ademola Lookman, and the teenager soon brought a good near-post save out of Grant with a low strike.
Berahino lifted the ball over Robles in the 84th minute but Funes Mori was there to head it away before it crossed the line, and Grant then pulled off a superb stop to deny Davies, with Lookman firing the loose ball wide.
ends

Manchester United failed to capitalise on their top-four rivals' struggles as rejuvenated Hull left Old Trafford with a hard-fought point from a goalless stalemate.

Manchester City may have made light work of West Ham but their other Champions League rivals' inability to win gave Jose Mourinho's men a great opportunity.

However, United could only continue that trend in a surprisingly limp display against Eldin Jakupovic-inspired Hull, whose improvements under recently-appointed manager Marco Silva were clear in this 0-0 draw.

The point moves City off the bottom of the Premier League, while a ninth league draw of the campaign leaves Mourinho's side four points off the top four.

The United boss will no doubt bemoan refereeing decisions -- just as he did when Hull ended his side's 17-match unbeaten run in last week's EFL Cup semi-final clash -- but cannot get away from a flat display from the hosts.

Superb stops from goalkeeper Jakupovic saved Hull when United threatened, although City came close to snatching a famous late win as Lazar Markovic, on loan from Liverpool, rattled the post.

The Tigers more than held their own and fired a shot across the bows in the seventh minute as Harry Maguire, looking transformed under Silva, headed Evandro's free kick just wide.

Merseyside rejects Markovic and Oumar Niasse, on loan from Liverpool and Everton respectively, gave the hosts little respite at the back as United struggled to fluster City.

Andrew Robertson thwarted Henrikh Mkhitaryan as early as the second minute as the visitors stood firm, with it requiring a moment of inspiration for United to first threaten as Zlatan Ibrahimovic shrugged off Tom Huddlestone to unleash a shot creeping in until Jakupovic's fingertip stop.

Marcus Rashford's invention saw the resulting corner flicked back in for Marcos Rojo to head over and Daley Blind failed with a volley shortly afterwards, yet Hull's defence was holding firm.

There was a sigh of relief when referee Michael Jones decided against awarding Niasse a second booking for a challenge on Michael Carrick, who was not having as much of an impact on the game as he would like.

United's passing in the final third was proving ineffective aside from the odd flashes of Paul Pogba and Ibrahimovic's understanding.

The Swede scuffed wide from Pogba's lay off, before the roles reversed as Ibrahimovic's classy first-time flick put the France midfielder through, getting away a shot that Jakupovic met with an impressive one-handed save.

Maguire and Markovic had poor efforts before the break, with Wayne Rooney replacing Carrick when play resumed.

Hull were looking bright and Rojo blocked Markovic's shot when the visitors broke, before Phil Jones pulled up injured as Niasse chased him down, leading to Chris Smalling's 55th-minute introduction.

Moments later Rashford miscued his attempt to alter an intriguing contest as his lovely touch was followed by a bobbling effort that rolled across the face of Jakupovic's goal.

Ibrahimovic fizzed an attempt wide before referee Jones ignored fans' calls for Niasse to receive a second booking after an overzealous challenge on Blind.

Silva sensibly took the decision to replace him with Abel Hernandez, while the Hull manager's decision to stick with Jakupovic instead of summer signing David Marshall continued to pay dividends.

United looked set to make the breakthrough when Rojo headed the ball back across goal to Mata, whose close-range strike was marvellously kept out by the feet of Jakupovic.

The Old Trafford faithful was becoming audibly frustrated and Mourinho was incandescent on the touchline when Ibrahimovic saw penalty shouts ignored with 10 minutes remaining.

More penalty appeals against Hull followed as the United boss paced the technical area -- and his anger nearly grew as Markovic sent a strike off the post.

David De Gea stopped a tame Hernandez effort as City attempted to score at the death, while Jakupovic came to the rescue as the home side pushed for a late winner.

The goalkeeper impressively stopped a Rojo header finding the top corner and then Pogba from bending home - an outstanding display that gave Hull a deserved goalless draw.

Crystal Palace secured their first Premier League win under Sam Allardyce with a 2-0 victory over Bournemouth on Tuesday night.

Both sides struggled in the first half as the rain came down at the Vitality Stadium but the visitors needed less than a minute after half-time to take the lead through Scott Dann.

Bournemouth had the majority of the possession in the second half but Palace doubled their lead in injury time through Christian Benteke.

The result means Bournemouth have failed to win a game in January and Eddie Howe made three changes from the side which drew 2-2 with Watford on January 21.

Simon Francis, back from suspension, Brad Smith and Benik Afobe replaced Tyrone Mings, Charlie Daniels and Callum Wilson while for Palace, Patrick van Aanholt was handed his debut after joining from Sunderland on Monday.

Eagles winger Wilfried Zaha was back in the starting line-up for the first time since he returned from the African Nations Cup and came close to putting the visitors in the lead early on in foggy conditions. Some impressive footwork saw the Ivory Coast international lose Bournemouth's defence before his low shot hit the post.

Bournemouth struggled to get into the game in the opening 15 minutes, with Palace's defence looking strong, but a moment of nervousness between the back four left Josh King with the chance to pick their pocket. The forward was given space and time but his curling shot was wide of the mark.

Speaking before the game at the Vitality Stadium, Palace manager Sam Allardyce said that playing games on transfer deadline day was unsettling for the players and despite a couple of decent chances for both sides, neither could break through to open the scoring in the first half.

Bournemouth had to wait for Palace to come out for the second half but Allaradyce's team talk seemed to work as just 55 seconds after the restart, Palace took the lead.

Yohan Cabaye's initial corner was punched away by Artur Boruc but the ball fell to Van Aanholt, whose quick pass gave Jason Puncheon time to curl the ball back into the box.

Damien Delaney's flick fell to Dann, who slotted it home to score his first goal since September and put Palace on course for their first victory under the former England manager.

Bournemouth piled on the pressure after the goal but despite a number of chances, they conceded a second in stoppage time.

Andros Townsend, who has been heavily linked with a move back to Newcastle, crossed and an unmarked Benteke had an easy task to head into the back of the net.

Bournemouth have conceded at least two goals in six of their last seven home league fixtures as they slip to 14th in the table while Palace remain two points behind 17th-placed Swansea, who beat Southampton.

Burnley's run of home victories continued as a controversial late goal from substitute Sam Vokes secured a 1-0 triumph over Leicester -- the Foxes' third successive Premier League defeat.

Vokes fired in from close range in the 87th minute to secure the Clarets' seventh successive win at Turf Moor in all competitions and fifth in the league, although replays suggested he may have controlled the ball with his arm before shooting.

Referee Mike Dean, who had earlier waved away notable penalty appeals from both sides, allowed the effort to stand despite the strong protests of Leicester's players.

The questionable winning goal came at the end of a match Burnley spent much of attacking and had looked set to reflect upon with regret at having not taken their chances.

As it is, their latest victory leaves them ninth in the table, 10 points clear of the drop zone, while champions Leicester - still without an away league win this season - have dropped to 16th and are only two points better off than 18th-placed Crystal Palace.

After a build-up to the transfer deadline day contest that had seen Leicester's Leonardo Ulloa issue an apparent strike threat amid the club rejecting bids for him from Sunderland, it was the Foxes who initially exerted some pressure.

But the hosts - who announced the signing of Ashley Westwood from Aston Villa just before the match, then that of Robbie Brady from Norwich during it - soon settled and created the first real chance in the 10th minute when Ashley Barnes latched onto an Andre Gray header and fired wide.

Barnes was then just unable to make the right contact as the ball dropped his way in front of goal, and Gray lashed an effort into the side-netting.

Burnley survived a scare soon after when Jamie Vardy picked up a misjudged back pass by Matt Lowton, only to shoot across the box.

Clarets goalkeeper Tom Heaton also dealt comfortably with tame attempts from Demarai Gray and Marc Albrighton, and the hosts subsequently lost Steven Defour in the 34th minute to injury.

But having weathered that mini-storm, the home side were then on the front foot again and felt they deserved a penalty when Michael Keane jumped to meet a Jeff Hendrick cross but missed the ball, apparently having been pushed from behind by Danny Drinkwater.

Dean dismissed that claim, and also allowed play to continue moments later when Barnes protested he had had his shirt pulled in the box by Danny Simpson and a brief skirmish between the pair ensued.

The first half concluded with Burnley continuing to knock on the door, as Joey Barton - making his maiden league start since rejoining the club this month - saw a couple of strikes fly just over and Scott Arfield, who had come on for Defour, had a shot deflected wide.

Barton and Arfield then each sent further efforts off-target early in the second half and Andre Gray brought a near-post save out of Kasper Schmeichel with a powerful drive.

There was another warning for Sean Dyche's men when Riyad Mahrez's shot was spilled by Heaton and Vardy went in to follow up but failed to finish as he hit the turf.

And it was Leicester then making hearty appeals to Dean for a pot-kick when Heaton collided with Vardy in the area, with the latter going down - but again the referee gave nothing.

Thereafter, it was the Foxes being put under pressure again, with efforts from Andre Gray, Keane and Hendrick all having efforts blocked and Ben Mee sending a free header over.

It looked as if Leicester would ride it out until the dying moments when Keane headed a corner goalwards, the ball struck the recently-introduced Vokes - seemingly on the arm - and he rifled it home.

ends

Gabriel Jesus scored on his full Premier League debut as Manchester City mauled West Ham 4-0.

Sergio Aguero watched from the bench as the £27 million teenager marked a sparkling display by setting up Kevin De Bruyne's opener and then bagging one himself.

David Silva was also on target in a one-sided first half, while Yaya Toure piled on the misery for the hosts with a penalty after the break.

Another routine win at the London Stadium boosted City's top-four challenge after Chelsea, Liverpool, Tottenham and Arsenal all dropped points 24 hours earlier.

But they were helped by some woeful defending from West Ham, who have shipped 12 goals in three meetings with Pep Guardiola's side this season.

Aguero was joined among the substitutes by goalkeeper Claudio Bravo, dropped after a remarkable run of letting in each of the last six shots on target he has faced.

His replacement Willy Caballero therefore proved a vast improvement simply by keeping out Michail Antonio's early drive, although it was hardly a testing effort.

West Ham had won their previous two games as they seemed to be successfully putting the Dimitri Payet saga behind them.

But City, 5-0 winners here in the FA Cup just over three weeks ago, soon began feeling at home again with Brazilian striker Gabriel giving the Hammers the runaround.

They took the lead in the 17th minute thanks to a dreadful mistake by Aaron Cresswell, who passed the ball inside straight to De Bruyne.

The midfielder burst forward unchallenged and played a one-two with Gabriel on the edge of the West Ham area before burying his shot past Darren Randolph.

Four minutes later City their doubled their lead, and again it was all far too easy, Leroy Sane skipping past feeble challenges from Sam Byram and Jose Fonte before rolling the ball across goal for Silva to tap in.

Cresswell had the opportunity to make amends for his error when he was put clean through by a stunning cross-field ball from Andy Carroll.

But the left-back's first touch was poor, and his second was downright awful as he shanked his shot high into the air and over.

Instead, six minutes before half-time it was three with West Ham yet again proving to be over-generous hosts.

This time Pedro Obiang gave the ball away, Sane's diagonal pass put Raheem Sterling in behind and the winger unselfishly squared for the livewire Gabriel to deservedly open his City account.

Three became four 20 minutes into the second half when Fonte, enduring a thoroughly miserable debut, tripped Sterling in the area and Toure tucked in the penalty.

Victory moved City level with Liverpool in fourth, and just a point behind Spurs and Arsenal, but they are still 10 adrift of leaders Chelsea.

Swansea recorded back-to-back wins for the first time this season as Gylfi Sigurdsson's strike saw them beat Southampton 2-1 and claim a crucial victory at the Liberty Stadium.

The home side had led through a deflected Alfie Mawson header seven minutes before the break, but were pegged back by Shane Long's near-post effort just before the hour mark.

But up popped Sigurdsson with 20 minutes to go to score his seventh league goal of the season - a second winner in 10 days after his strike against Liverpool at Anfield - and boost the Welsh club's Premier League survival hopes.

The Saints had made the better start as Swansea were strangely muted. Dusan Tadic and Long immediately found some joy down the Saints right flank, with the Republic of Ireland international firing high and wide from the Serbian's astute ball down the channel.

Swansea initially struggled to deal with the combination but slowly began to settle. Sigurdsson saw his shot blocked on the edge of the area, and the hosts then had a penalty appeal waved away as the ball flicked on to the hand of Southampton defender Jack Stephens.

Fraser Forster soon made his first save, holding a dipping Sigurdsson strike before parrying Leroy Fer's volley around a post.

But the goalkeeper had little chance from the resulting corner. Mawson lost Oriol Romeu and the defender's header diverted off the Spaniard on to the inside of the post and into the net.

Swansea were on top, and Forster did particularly well to keep out a deflected Sigurdsson drive after the Iceland international had beaten two defenders with ease.

The home side started the second half on the front foot too, Sigurdsson breaking into the box but unable to find a supporting white shirt.

But Swansea were made to pay the price for failing to take advantage of a strong period in the game when Long equalised from an incisive Southampton attack.

Steven Davis found Ryan Bertrand's forward run and his cross picked out Long for the striker to finish neatly at the near post.

Swansea boss Paul Clement responded by sending on Luciano Narsingh for his debut in place of Wayne Routledge, but nearly saw his side fall behind moments later.

Nathan Redmond and substitute Sofiane Boufal led a break and the former should have done better when teed up 14 yards out.

Redmond then worked Swansea goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski from distance as Southampton built the pressure.

However, against the run of play Swansea hit back through Sigurdsson. Fernando Llorente and Tom Carroll sent Narsingh racing forward and despite the Dutchman's cross being behind Sigurdsson, the midfielder adjusted to send a low left-footed shot into the bottom corner.

Swansea had to survive some nerve-jangling moments during the final 20 minutes, including seeing Maya Yoshida's header fly inches past the post, but they held on for three more valuable points.

Sunderland boss David Moyes was given some respite at the end of a frustrating January as Tottenham wasted the chance to maintain their pursuit of Premier League leaders Chelsea.

The Black Cats gave as good as they got before the break, and then battled manfully in containing an out-of-sorts Spurs to claim a 0-0 draw and another point in their quest for survival.

Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino will certainly feel two points were left at the Stadium of Light and opposite number Moyes knows only wins will get his side out of trouble - but the Scot was given cause for hope by a spirited display as he attempts to dig the club out of a hole on the tightest of budgets.

Moyes, who had earlier seen a final deadline day bid to land Leicester striker Leonardo Ulloa fail, went into the game knowing his team would have to exceed its recent standards to emerge with any reward.

They did just that during an opening 45 minutes which saw Spurs enjoy plenty of possession, but do relatively little with it as Harry Kane on his return from a groin injury and Dele Alli were largely becalmed.

Left-back Danny Rose and Heung-min Son prospered in the early stages, but apart from a Kane cross which Lamine Kone had to hack away and a rasping Victor Wanyama shot which was parried by Vito Mannone, they created little of note.

As a result, the Black Cats grew in confidence and actually created the better openings before the break.

Jermain Defoe, whose goals have proved so valuable to the club in the last two years, set the tone with an adventurous ninth-minute run which took him past Toby Alderweireld and Wanyama, only for his shot to be blocked.

Had the half's best chances fallen to Defoe, Sunderland, for whom midfielder Jack Rodwell may have been fortunate to escape with just a yellow card for an awful challenge on Mousa Dembele, might have gone in at the break, but they fell instead to Fabio Borini, who failed to make the most of them.

Defoe once again turned Alderweireld and fed the Italian with 21 minutes gone, but with the goal at his mercy, he miscontrolled and the chance had gone.

Borini set himself up two minutes later after running on to Eric Dier's weak clearing header, but although the path to goal opened up invitingly, he fired straight at keeper Michel Vorm to let the visitors off the hook.

Kane only just failed to connect with a Son cross within seconds of the restart and Mannone was called upon to claim a dipping Christian Eriksen free-kick 10 minutes later with Spurs finally slipping into gear.

Full-back Kyle Walker saw a 63rd-minute strike fly over the top with the help of a deflection off opposite number Javier Manquillo and Wanyama powered a header inches over from Son's cross from the resulting corner.

Son's 70th-minute shot from Kone's poor header also cleared the bar and Dier headed just wide at the death - but Tottenham were simply unable to make the pressure tell.

Arsenal suffered a setback in their Premier League title bid as Watford secured a surprise 2-1 victory at Emirates Stadium on Tuesday night.

The Hornets had not won a league game since Dec. 10 but raced into a two-goal lead courtesy of a deflected Younes Kaboul strike and a Troy Deeney tap-in.

With Arsene Wenger in the stands as he served the second of a four-match touchline ban, the Gunners rallied after a dismal first half but could not build on Alex Iwobi's effort as the visitors hung on for a 2-1 win.

The result was Arsenal's first defeat of 2017 and adds even more significance to Saturday's showdown with leaders Chelsea at Stamford Bridge.

Arsenal's home record this season was exemplary but they were caught cold in the early stages as the Hornets looked to spring a shock.

Shkodran Mustafi fouled debutant M'Baye Niang and Kaboul's drive from the resulting free-kick took a huge deflection off Aaron Ramsey and flew past Petr Cech.

There was no immediate reaction from the Gunners, and the second Watford goal followed shortly afterwards as Etienne Capoue broke forward, eased past Mustafi and, although his effort was saved by Cech, Deeney was on hand to snaffle home the rebound.

Arsenal's problems increased as Ramsey was forced off through injury with a little over 15 minutes on the clock, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain coming on in his place.

The Gunners thought they had a penalty when Nacho Monreal went down in the box but referee Andre Marriner booked the Spain full-back for simulation.

Heurelho Gomes remained untested in the visitors' goal but Cech was forced into action as he tipped Sebastian Prodl's far-post header behind for a corner.

Cech had to be at his very best just moments later to palm away a fierce effort from Niang as Watford once again stole possession deep in Arsenal territory.

A cacophony of jeers met the half-time whistle as Arsenal fans vented their frustrations, although half-time substitute Theo Walcott offered some hope with a decent strike on goal shortly after the interval. He then had Arsenal's first shot on target as Gomes turned it behind off his legs before then saving superbly from Iwobi.

Alexis Sanchez saw his own penalty appeal turned down but was then on hand to cross for Iwobi to steer a finish back past Gomes and get the hosts back into the contest.

The expected siege on the Watford goal never truly materialised although Lucas Perez rattled the crossbar with a rasping drive.

And, despite having scored six goals in the 90th minute or later this season, Arsenal could not produce late heroics here as Watford, who had sold misfiring striker Odion Ighalo to Chinese Super League side Changchun Yatai earlier in the evening for £20 million, sealed a vital win for manager Walter Mazzarri.

Middlesbrough's winless run in the Premier League continued although they claimed what could be a crucial point in their fight for survival with a 1-1 draw against West Brom at a wet and windy Riverside.

Boro, who had collected just two points from their last five top-flight matches prior to this fixture, fell behind when their former midfielder James Morrison lashed home from 20 yards early on.

But in an entertaining opening half they drew level when Gareth McAuley needlessly brought down Marten de Roon in the area and Alvaro Negredo slotted home the resulting penalty, which proved to be the end of the scoring.

Both sides had chances to go ahead in a more sedate second half as Matt Phillips and Salomon Rondon struck opposite posts in quick succession while De Roon's first-time effort drew a fine save from Baggies goalkeeper Ben Foster.

A point may soothe the mood of Boro boss Aitor Karanka, who on Monday admitted his frustrations at failing to sufficiently add to his squad in the January transfer window, with targets Robert Snodgrass and Jese Rodriguez moving elsewhere.

However, Crystal Palace's win at Bournemouth means they are now only two points clear of the drop zone.

Alexis Sanchez kept his cool to score a last-gasp penalty as 10-man Arsenal beat Burnley to go second in the Premier League.

The Clarets looked like taking just their second point on the road this season when Andre Gray powered home a stoppage-time spot-kick to cancel out Shkodran Mustafi's first Arsenal goal.

But, in the last of the seven additional minutes, referee Jon Moss -- who had already dismissed Granit Xhaka and sent Arsene Wenger to the stands -- pointed to the spot once more and Sanchez made no mistake in sealing a remarkable 2-1 win.

Mustafi had headed the hosts ahead with his first goal for the club but Xhaka's ninth red card since 2014 left the Gunners a man down as Burnley looked to fight back.

Everton earned a third win in four when Seamus Coleman's 87th-minute goal gave them a deserved 1-0 Premier League victory at Crystal Palace and ensured their season continued to gain momentum.

The Toffees had unexpectedly defeated Manchester City 4-0 last week, but despite that free-scoring performance appeared at risk of dropping two points against Palace's resilient defending.

Victory strengthens Everton's grip on seventh place, and leaves relegation-threatened Palace in the bottom three, but the hosts may yet take some consolation in knowing new manager Sam Allardyce's influence is beginning to be felt.

Handing £12 million recruit Jeffrey Schlupp his debut, Allardyce retained only Loic Remy, Joel Ward and Damien Delaney of those who started Tuesday's 2-1 FA Cup defeat of Bolton, recalling the others who were rested and taking the increasingly popular decision to start with three at the back, in a 3-5-2 formation.

Diego Costa made a goal scoring return as Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to eight points with a 2-0 win over Hull City.

Costa celebrated his 52nd Chelsea goal on his 100th appearance by gesturing about all the noise which has surrounded him since missing the win at Leicester City, officially due to a back injury.

A reported bust-up with Antonio Conte and his staff, as well as speculation over a move to the Chinese Super League, had little impact on Costa, whose 15th goal of the season was followed by a Gary Cahill header.

Conte said he was willing to "put my hands in the fire" for Costa, who was cheered at every opportunity.

And the faith was justified with a goal on a near-ideal weekend for Chelsea.

Rivals Liverpool, Manchester City, Tottenham and Manchester United all dropped points on Saturday and Arsenal narrowly avoided doing so on Sunday.

Hull's ninth straight away loss was marred by a head injury to Ryan Mason, who was carried off on a stretcher as oxygen was administered.

Such was the focus on Costa that little fuss was made about John Terry's absence from the matchday squad as the captain's place on the substitutes' bench went to Nathan Ake.

Asmir Begovic was also there as Chelsea consider a bid from Bournemouth for their backup goalkeeper.

Costa went close in the opening 10 seconds. He sent the kickoff to David Luiz, who launched the ball forwards towards Pedro.

The ball dropped for Costa who sent a fizzing volley just wide.

Tom Huddlestone then shot narrowly wide on the break for Hull before a lengthy delay after Mason and Cahill clashed heads while challenging for an aerial ball in the Hull box.

Cahill was soon back on his feet and continued, but Mason was attended to before being taken by ambulance to hospital for further assessment.

Hull were proving difficult to break through, but showed signs of weakness.

Curtis Davies was booked for hauling down N'Golo Kante as Chelsea looked to counter.

And the Hull defender was perhaps fortunate to avoid a second yellow card for a foul on Pedro during the nine minutes of first-half stoppage time.

Costa had already had an effort ruled out for offside against Pedro before Chelsea finally penetrated the Hull defence.

Victor Moses darted down the right and Hazard left his cross for Costa to convert.

Costa celebrated not by kissing the Chelsea badge, but by making an apparent reference to the speculation surrounding his future.

Hull wanted a penalty soon after the restart and felt aggrieved when Marcos Alonso's challenge on Abel Hernandez went unpunished.

David Meyler was denied by Thibaut Courtois and Michael Dawson blocked from Costa, who was more often in action making headed clearances than threatening in the Hull half.

But Chelsea's perseverance paid off. Their advantage was doubled when Cahill headed in substitute Cesc Fabregas' free kick.

Costa was denied a second as goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic saved with his feet before the striker made way for Michy Batshuayi and was warmly embraced by Conte as he left the pitch.

James Ward-Prowse, Jay Rodriguez and Dusan Tadic condemned Leicester to their 11th Premier League defeat of the season as Southampton triumphed 3-0 at St Mary's.

The reigning champions have now lost half their Premier League matches this term and sit just five points above the relegation zone.

Southampton eased to victory, with Claudio Ranieri's Leicester looking short of ideas in attack and worryingly frail at the back.

Saints' win was tempered by an ankle injury to captain Virgil van Dijk, leaving Claude Puel's men short of centre-backs after Jose Fonte's £8 million switch to West Ham in midweek.

England under-21 international Jack Stephens filled the breach, but Saints will hope Van Dijk can recover in time for Wednesday's EFL Cup semifinal second leg at Liverpool.

Leicester's decline continued on the south coast as last year's defensive linchpins Robert Huth and Wes Morgan were again exposed.

Huth inadvertently laid on Southampton's second goal, his attempt at a headed clearance turning into a knockdown that let the lurking Rodriguez sneak in and finish.

A potential own goal from Morgan was chalked off because of a foul from Maya Yoshida, but that reprieve did not spare the visitors' blushes, with Tadic adding Saints' third with a late penalty.

Southampton dominated from the off, deservedly taking the lead on 25 minutes through a crisp attack.

Van Dijk's crossfield pass gave Cedric Soares time to exchange passes with Nathan Redmond and set the Saints off and running.

Redmond then bisected the defence down the inside-right channel, Cedric whipped in a low cross and Ward-Prowse finished sweetly past Kasper Schmeichel.

Leicester offered little attacking merit apart from a threat on the counter.

And the Foxes compounded their own misery when Huth headed a lofted free-kick straight into Rodriguez's path for the Saints striker to double the hosts' lead.

Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg missed two clear-cut openings in quick succession after the break, with the second of them seeing him intercept Christian Fuchs' stray pass and race through on goal before firing wide.

Leicester avoided more ignominy when Morgan's own goal was chalked off, but Tadic still had time to fire home from the spot after Morgan had fouled Shane Long.

Wayne Rooney broke Manchester United's all-time scoring record in dramatic fashion, bending home a stunning 250th goal to secure a hard-fought 1-1 draw at Stoke deep in stoppage time.

Just as the match looked to be slipping through United's fingers at the bet365 Stadium, the 31-year-old stepped up to clinch a point.

Rooney's outstanding free kick sent the visiting support wild, cancelling out Juan Mata's first-half own goal and securing a 1-1 draw that saw the captain move clear as United's all-time top scorer in front of Sir Bobby Charlton.

Rooney and United had looked set to return home frustrated, with the captain watching from the bench as Stoke went ahead through Mata's own goal in a first half in which they failed to muster a shot on target.

Jose Mourinho would call upon the forward in the 67th minute but there looked to be no way past well-drilled Stoke, with last-ditch defending, fine goalkeeping from Lee Grant and wayward finishing putting United's 16-match unbeaten run in all competitions in jeopardy.

However, United did not give up and Rooney bent home a fine free kick from an acute angle to the delight of the visiting supporters and the watching Charlton.

It was a thrilling end to a match that looked to be going Stoke's way after such a sloppy start by United.

The Stoke supporters in the bet365 Stadium crowd went through a range of emotions, starting with anger that Marko Arnautovic was booked moments after Chris Smalling avoided a yellow card before relief as Grant's spill of the free kick came to nothing.

In the 19th minute came collective Stoke joy as United were caught cold.

A long kick was flicked on by Peter Crouch and Stoke attacked down the left, with Arnautovic's lay-off finding Erik Pieters to hit a fizzing cross that deflected off Mata and past David de Gea.

Spaniard Mata had lost the full-back as the hosts raced forward and then wasted a gilt-edged chance to atone for Stoke's opener.

Paul Pogba played a lovely clipped ball over the hosts' backline to Zlatan Ibrahimovic, only for his weighted cross to somehow be scooped over by Mata at the far post.

United were at that stage in the ascendancy and pushed hard for a first-half equaliser, only to be denied by a familiar foe.

Grant put in a man-of-the-match display at Old Trafford and was again frustrating Mourinho's men, comfortably deal with a Marouane Fellaini header and then tipping over the Belgian's volley.

A strong one-handed reaction save denied Pogba from the resulting corner as the first half ended with Stoke being ahead without getting a single shot on target.

A more assertive United emerged from half-time but it was Crouch, searching for his 100th Premier League goal, who was first to threaten, aiming an audacious volley wide.

Marcus Rashford was brought on for Fellaini in a bid to add extra bite to a United side who saw penalty appeals waved away by referee Mark Clattenburg after a Mata strike ricocheted off Pieters' arm.

Tempers were beginning to fray as Stoke continued to frustrate United, with Xherdan Shaqiri bringing a first save out of De Gea with a speculative effort on a rare voyage forward in the 65th minute.

Rooney was the next roll of the dice as he came on in place of the unusually poor Mata, but Stoke were continuing to frustrate the visitors.

Pogba had a shot blocked and Rashford bent a chance just wide, with the former then fizzing a shot flew just wide of Grant's goal.

Rooney attempted a close-range header as the United onslaught continued, while handball appeals against Ryan Shawcross were ignored.

Substitute Jesse Lingard rattled the crossbar in the closing moments as the 2,557 visiting fans looked set to go home disappointed.

Rooney had other ideas, though.

Taking aim from an acute angle on the left, he impressively directed home to the unbridled joy of teammates and fans.

Sunderland sank back to the bottom of the Premier League table as their miserable away form continued against West Brom at The Hawthorns.

Goals from Darren Fletcher and Chris Brunt saw the Baggies return to winning ways following defeats to Derby, in the FA Cup, and Tottenham as the 2-0 victory kept them in the frame as contenders for European football next season.

Sunderland, suffering with absences through injury and players away at the African Nations Cup, have now lost nine of their 11 away matches in the league, scoring just six goals.

David Moyes' men began the game bottom of the standings after Swansea's surprise 3-2 success at Liverpool earlier in the day but controlled possession early on and looked assured enough, even if they failed to trouble Ben Foster in the home goal.

It all started to go wrong for them just before the half-hour mark as West Brom applied some pressure for the first time.

Sunderland survived when Salomon Rondon's goalbound header hit team-mate Matty Phillips inside the six-yard box and the ball deflected inches wide. Phillips then forced a diving save from Vito Mannone with a long-range effort.

With 30 minutes on the clock the Baggies went ahead when Fletcher brilliantly brought the ball down on his chest inside the box and sent a volley beyond Mannone.

Rondon saw another goal bound shot blocked, this time by Sunderland defender John O'Shea, but the visitors were rocking and they were soon two goals behind.

A Nacer Chadli strike hit the crossbar before Mannone denied Phillips once more but Brunt pounced on the rebound to crash home a volley from the edge of the penalty area after 36 minutes.

Moyes provided a bleak assessment of his transfer budget this week when he said the kind of players he is able to sign would not make a ``big difference'' to Sunderland's plight. That will worry Black Cats fans who saw their team unable to make a telling impression at The Hawthorns.

Jack Rodwell and Defoe were off target with efforts in the second half before young forward George Honeyman, making his first Premier League start, set up Sebastian Larsson to head just wide after 71 minutes. That was about as good as it got for the visitors.

New signing Jake Livermore came on for his West Brom debut immediately afterwards, replacing James Morrison, and he was involved in the move that saw Chadli send a stinging shot into the midriff of Mannone.

The Baggies were able to see out the game comfortably to leave Sunderland bottom of the table and without a win in eight visits to The Hawthorns, losing seven.

Struggling Swansea's first league win at Anfield blew a huge hole in Liverpool's title ambitions as Fernando Llorente struck twice in a shock 3-2 victory.

The Swans, bottom of the table before kick-off and without a victory in 15 previous league visits, became the first team since Manchester United a year ago to inflict a home defeat on the Reds.

They did it the hard way as well as after Llorente had put them into a surprise 2-0 lead just after half-time a double from Roberto Firmino levelled things up, with the visitors indebted once again to Gylfi Sigurdsson for their winner.

Llorente's good recent form has seen him score seven times in the last 10 Premier League games and despite interest from Chelsea it is imperative to Swansea they keep hold of him as they fight for top-flight survival.

Tottenham Hotspur staged a dramatic second-half comeback to snatch a controversial 2-2 draw at Premier League title rivals Manchester City.

Spurs were run ragged for an hour by a resurgent City at the Etihad Stadium and conceded twice in quick succession to Leroy Sane and Kevin De Bruyne after errors by Hugo Lloris.

But second-placed Spurs hit back through Dele Alli and then grabbed an equaliser through substitute Son Heung-min after Raheem Sterling was denied what seemed an obvious penalty.

The result ended Tottenham's run of six consecutive wins and may prove costly in their attempts to make up ground on leaders Chelsea.

The draw also meant City missed the chance to return to the top four, despite a performance much improved on last week's capitulation at Everton.

Pep Guardiola's men started as if determined to make a statement after their Goodison Park nightmare and completely dominated a one-sided first half. Playing with the usual high energy associated with Guardiola, but also a noticeable desire to knock the ball forward earlier, City created numerous clear-cut chances.

With Tottenham ragged in defence and forced to change from a back three to a back four midway through the half, it was remarkable the visitors' goal remained intact at the break.

City pounded the Spurs rearguard from the outset with Pablo Zabaleta denied early on by a timely challenge from Toby Alderweireld. Sergio Aguero fired a shot narrowly over and had another run on goal cut off by a cynical tug by Eric Dier.

David Silva brought a good save from Lloris from distance and Zabaleta shot wide before Aguero robbed Dier and also tested the goalkeeper.

Sane missed the target from a free header and Lloris plucked an Aguero header from the air before beating away another effort from the Argentinian. Raheem Sterling was also thwarted by Lloris and had a penalty appeal turned down after tangling with Victor Wanyama.

Spurs offered little in the first half aside from a long-range attempt from Wanyama, which flew well over.

Substitute Benik Afobe snatched a point for Bournemouth as they twice came from behind to draw 2-2 against Watford.

The visitors looked on course for a first win in seven matches after Troy Deeney headed them in front, but Afobe climbed off the bench to bail out the Cherries eight minutes from time.

Bournemouth, smarting from back-to-back defeats by Millwall and Hull, had fallen behind to Christian Kabasele's header before Joshua King pegged Watford back shortly after half-time.

The Cherries, looking for a first win in three, came out of the blocks quicker, with Callum Wilson heading an early Charlie Daniels cross over.

Then Ryan Fraser, the smallest player on the pitch, crept in between Watford's giant centre-halves to meet Jack Wilshere's chip into the area.

The midfielder's back-header was looping into the net until Hornets keeper Heurelho Gomes managed to tip the ball over the crossbar.

Gomes, who needed a fitness check on a back injury before kick-off, was being kept busy as Wilshere's drive from the edge of the area forced the Brazilian into another save.

But despite looking sharp in attack, Bournemouth's defence - which has leaked three goals in eight of their last 10 matches - let them down again in the 24th minute.

Jose Holebas' corner was inadvertently flicked on by Steve Cook at the near post to Miguel Britos, who nodded the ball back across goal for Kabasele to head home.

Gomes came to Watford's rescue again before the interval after Sebastian Prodl's miscued clearance let in Junior Stanislas.

The winger's angled drive took a huge deflection off Britos and suddenly the ball was spinning up and over Gomes again, but the keeper scrambled back to palm it to safety once more.

Bournemouth grabbed their equaliser three minutes after half-time when Watford fell asleep at a throw-in.

Adam Smith got the ball back from Stanislas and burst past three non-existent challenges before squaring the ball for King, who had a tap-in for his first home goal of the season.

The Cherries would have taken the lead five minutes later had Gomes not pulled off another fine save, this time diving to his left to push Fraser's curler around the post.

Instead they found themselves behind in the 64th minute, once again to a straightforward set-piece.

Deeney showed all his strength by shrugging off Smith, who virtually had the Watford captain in a half-nelson, to nod Tom Cleverley's corner past a flapping Artur Boruc.

But Afobe had the final say eight minutes from the end as the visitors hesitated again, this time with Kabasele lying injured.

The striker darted into a Kabasele-sized gap in the Hornets defence, gathered Andrew Surman's pass and fired across Gomes to salvage a point.

Andy Carroll ensured the Dimitri Payet saga was forgotten for 90 minutes as he fired West Ham to a 3-1 victory at Middlesbrough.

The England striker, whose stunning volley against Crystal Palace last weekend confirmed his return to both fitness and form, gave the visitors the lead with a thumping ninth-minute header and then helped himself to a second from close range after Cristhian Stuani had levelled in front of a crowd of 30,848.

However, the Hammers, who claimed a third in added time through substitute Jonathan Calleri, had earlier been grateful for the woodwork at the Riverside Stadium as the unwitting Stuani was denied a second equaliser by the crossbar after charging down Aaron Cresswell's attempted clearance.

French playmaker Payet may remain absent as he looks to leave the club, but West Ham had enough firepower without him.

Any fears that Carroll's injury, suffered in last week's win against Crystal Palace, might hamper him were dispelled within nine minutes. He lost marker Bernardo and rose to power a trademark header past Victor Valdez from Manuel Lanzini's corner to hand the Hammers the perfect start.

With Lanzini, Michail Antonio and Sofiane Feghouli repeatedly stretching Boro with their pace, the visitors enjoyed the better of the early stages.

However, Aitor Karanka's men gradually worked their way into the game as Chelsea target Adama Traore, aided by right-back Calum Chambers and Stuani and George Friend on the opposite flank, pinned West Ham back.

They got their reward with 29 minutes gone when, after Marten de Roon, Alvaro Negredo and Adam Clayton combined to play Traore into space, he fed the overlapping Chambers.

Chambers crossed for Stuani to slide the ball back across helpless keeper Darren Randolph and inside the post.

Buoyed by the goal, the Teessiders stepped up another gear and Traore sent one cross skidding across Randolph's goal and another inches ahead of Negredo with the visitors living dangerously.

But they succumbed once again with two minutes of the half remaining when Antonio was allowed to run towards goal and unleash a powerful long-range effort which Victor Valdes could only parry and Carroll was on hand to slam home the rebound.

The Hammers wanted an injury-time penalty for Friend's clumsy challenge on Feghouli, but referee Martin Atkinson waved away their pleas.

Antonio passed up a glorious opportunity to increase his side's led within seconds of the restart when he headed over from Sam Byram's cross, and Lanzini was equally wasteful two minutes later, shooting straight at Valdes after being played in by Carroll.

However, Randolph had to claw away De Roon's header from a 56th-minute Traore cross and Chambers fired high over three minutes later after robbing Pedro Obiang as the home side responded.

But the keeper needed a stroke of good fortune when Cresswell attempted to clear Traore's dangerous 65th-minute cross. The defender blasted it straight at Stuani and saw the ball come back off the underside of the bar.

Substitute Rudy Gestede might have snatched a point for Boro late on when he latched on to Negredo's knock-down and volleyed towards goal, but the ball sailed wide with Randolph beaten.

Calleri made sure in stoppage time with a shot which deflected in off Adam Clayton.

Arsenal cast aside their Premier League away day blues to wreck Paul Clement's Liberty Stadium debut as Swansea boss.

The Gunners had managed only one away league win since the end of October, but a comfortable 4-0 victory put them back in the top three on goal difference.

Goals from Olivier Giroud and Alexis Sanchez, sandwiched between two deflected Alex Iwobi efforts credited as own goals to Jack Cork and Kyle Naughton, put them in cruise control and sent Swansea to the bottom of the table.

Clement, Swansea's third manager in a troubled season, had promised an end to the defensive disarray that had marked the end of his predecessor Bob Bradley's short reign.

For much of the first half Swansea were as good as Clement's word as they fought tenaciously and stopped Arsenal having a meaningful sight of their goal.

But once Giroud, scoring for the fifth successive game, had opened the floodgates after 37 minutes, Swansea's failings were all too evident in a one-sided second half.

What had appeared to be a difficult afternoon for Arsenal turned into a comfortable one as Iwobi efforts went in off Cork and then Naughton, before Sanchez volleyed home his 14th league goal of the season from close range.

Clement's desire for a fast start was realised as Swansea began on the front foot and Petr Cech had to push Naughton's shot around the post.

Cork and Gylfi Sigurdsson also fired over as Arsenal struggled to hit their stride despite dominating both possession and territory.

The visitors' attacks mostly headed down cul-de-sacs and their sense of frustration was reflected by Sanchez -- as he had done at Bournemouth in the Gunners' last league game -- showing dissent to a teammate after a misplaced pass.

Abel Hernandez struck twice as Hull beat Bournemouth 3-1 to secure a first Premier League win since early November and climb off the foot of the table.

Uruguay international Hernandez scored in each half after Junior Stanislas' early penalty had given Bournemouth the lead, with Tyrone Mings' own goal in the second period giving Hull a two-goal cushion.

The Tigers registered their first top-flight win in 10 matches in head coach Marco Silva's first league game in charge and exacted sweet revenge on Bournemouth, having been thrashed 6-1 by the visitors in October.

Hull received clearance in time for new signings Oumar Niasse and Evandro to make their debuts off the bench in the second period, while Hernandez was making his first start since returning from a two-month layoff due to hernia surgery.

Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe, criticised by a section of Cherries fans for making 11 changes for last week's FA Cup defeat at Millwall, made nine more in reverting back to his regular lineup and handed goalkeeper Artur Boruc his 100th Premier League appearance.

Hull, whose last league success had been a 2-1 home win against Southampton on Nov. 6, made a wretched start, falling behind in the third minute to Stanislas' penalty after Harry Maguire had bundled over Ryan Fraser in the area.

Referee Martin Atkinson did not hesitate to point to the spot and Stanislas lashed his penalty into the roof of the net.

Hull were lucky not to fall 2-0 down in the 22nd minute when Benik Afobe failed to capitalise after Michael Dawson had misjudged the bounce of a ball over the top.

The home side had not had one effort at goal before Robert Snodgrass volleyed over from 30 yards just after the half-hour mark, but having played second fiddle they turned the game around with a 32nd-minute equaliser.

Chelsea moved seven points clear at the top of the Premier league as they made light work of Diego Costa's absence to record a routine victory at Leicester.

Marcos Alonso's double helped the leaders brush aside the defending champions, who produced a poor performance as Antonio Conte's side clinched a 3-0 win.

Pedro added a third as the foxes slumped to a 10th defeat of the season to leave them five points above the relegation zone.

Chelsea started the game four points clear having seen their 13-match winning league run ended by a 2-0 defeat at Tottenham, but the focus was on the missing Costa after reports of a bust-up with boss Conte.

The striker did not travel with the rest of the squad and Chelsea had initially declined to comment on Friday's reports but before the game Conte said, via the club's Twitter account, that the 28-year-old suffered a back injury on Tuesday.

Costa, Chelsea's 14-goal top scorer, has been linked with a move to China and was replaced by Willian in the visitors' only change from the loss at Spurs two weeks ago.

Eden Hazard started as the most advanced player but the leaders' early opener came from an unlikely source.

Ahmed Musa had threatened the visiting goal after two minutes but Chelsea quickly took control and were ahead four minutes later.

Cesar Azpilicueta's delicious cross caused chaos in the Leicester defence before it fell to Hazard to tee up the unmarked Alonso, who hammered in from six yards.

There was little reaction from Leicester as Chelsea threatened a procession with the Foxes completing just 15 passes inside the opening quarter of an hour.

West Ham shrugged off Dimitri Payet's absence as an Andy Carroll wonder-strike helped secure a 3-0 win over Crystal Palace.

Payet this week rocked the Hammers by asking to leave the club and refused to play against the Eagles.

But Sofiane Feghouli's first Premier League goal, Carroll's stunning bicycle kick and a stylish late third from Manuel Lanzini ensured the France star was not missed.

Indeed, West Ham actually put in their finest display of the season while their so-called talisman kicked his heels elsewhere.

West Ham's fans certainly made their feelings about their former favourite abundantly clear with a less complimentary take on their 'We've got Payet' terrace chant.

He may have been West Ham's poster boy, but the club even stationed a steward in front of Payet's image on the outer wall of the London Stadium to prevent it being vandalised.

Nevertheless joint-owner David Sullivan vowed he would not let the player leave this month in his programme notes.

West Ham needed a win to end a depressing week on a high as well as halt a run of three straight defeats, and they did just that against former boss Sam Allardyce, who is still without a victory since taking over at Palace last month.

The only downside was police having to help deal with a disturbance between rival fans during the match.

The hosts should have taken the lead in the 26th minute when Mark Noble scampered past Joel Ward down the right and pinged his cross towards Carroll.

Zlatan Ibrahimovic's late header saw a pulsating clash between bitter rivals Manchester United and Liverpool end in a 1-1 draw.

Unlike October's drab goalless draw at Anfield, the 50th Premier League meeting of the sides lived up to the prematch hype.

Jurgen Klopp's visitors had looked set to condemn the hosts to defeat after James Milner thumped home a first-half penalty -- but United showed impressive resolve to force a late leveller through Ibrahimovic.

A draw was probably fair given how the match had panned out, although the result does little to boost either side's title chances.

Liverpool's breakthrough came when world record signing Paul Pogba handled in the box and Milner smashed home.

But the France midfielder's blushes were saved six minutes from time by Ibrahimovic, who directed home Antonio Valencia's cross to snatch a point.

The result ended United's nine-match winning run in all competitions and leaves them sixth in the Premier League, 12 points behind leaders Chelsea.

Liverpool move up to third but are seven points off the top after both league meetings with United ended in draws for the first time since the 1987-88 season.

A crackling atmosphere failed to translate to the field early on as Liverpool pressed and United patiently tried to unlock the opposition's back line.

Jose Mourinho's side were the first to eke out opportunities, with the lively Anthony Martial sending a floated cross to the back post where Ibrahimovic was unable to make a clean connection.

A long ball was the next to pose a problem as Dejan Lovren's sloppy backpass was chased down by Ibrahimovic and Simon Mignolet's clearance ricocheted off the veteran Swede to land on the roof of the net.

Moments later it was class rather than clumsiness that gave United a chance. Henrikh Mkhitaryan played a fine through-ball to Pogba, who smartly shifted his feet but saw his shot bobbled wide.

It was a chance that appeared to wake Liverpool up. Trent Alexander-Arnold, the 18-year-old making his first league start, saw a shot blocked before trouble stemming from a poor Phil Jones touch was swept up by Marcos Rojo.

However, from resulting corner Pogba clumsily handled and referee Michael Oliver pointed to the spot. Milner made no mistake.

United attempted to immediately fight back from the 27th-minute setback, with Ibrahimovic seeing a fizzing free kick from the edge of the box stopped by Mignolet.

The Belgium goalkeeper then denied Mkhitaryan as he raced through with half-time approaching.

Wayne Rooney replaced Michael Carrick when the teams re-emerged, but Liverpool threatened first when a curling Divock Origi strike was arcing home until a late block.

At the other end, a slip from Alexander-Arnold almost gifted the home side a way back, with United breaking at speed and Mkhitaryan hitting a cross that just evaded Martial.

Philippe Coutinho replaced Origi as Klopp moved to freshened up his attack for the final 30 minutes -- a decision that almost paid dividends within 30 seconds as his flick found compatriot Roberto Firmino.

But the Brazilian was denied by David de Gea, who also kept out an Adam Lallana snapshot, before a break in play when Rooney caught Milner's ankle, the United captain somehow escaping a card.

Georginio Wijnaldum failed with a flying header as Liverpool threatened to hurt the hosts again, although United were ratcheting up the pressure and Rooney, unaware offside had been flagged, forced Mignolet into a smart save.

But Liverpool's resolve finally broke with six minutes remaining as substitute Marouane Fellaini flicked a header against the far post and Valencia powered in a cross that Ibrahimovic directed home off the underside of the bar.

Both sides pushed for a late winner as temperatures rose, with the fourth official coming between Klopp and Mourinho after Firmino and Ander Herrera had clashed towards the end.

Watford were held to a goalless draw by Middlesbrough on an emotionally charged afternoon at Vicarage Road following the recent death of Graham Taylor.

Taylor, the former Watford manager and chairman who is hailed by the club as the greatest manager in their history, died on Thursday following a suspected heart attack.

Watford paid a glowing tribute to their former manager throughout Saturday's match with Taylor's widow Rita among those to join in on a one-minute applause ahead of the Premier League clash.

She, along with a number of the home fans, had been reduced to tears as Taylor's name echoed around all four corners of Vicarage Road. There was another applause in the 72nd minute. Taylor was 72 at the time of his sudden death.

Prior to the match, Watford fans gathered at the club's ground to lay flowers, scarves and shirts, while both sets of players wore black armbands in tribute to the former England manager.

Supporters in the Rookery Stand, the one adjacent to the terrace renamed after Taylor in 2014, held aloft gold and black placards which spelt out ``GT'' accompanied with a red heart.

A montage of Taylor's best moments in charge of Watford -- during which he took them from the Fourth Division to the top flight, and their first and only FA Cup final -- were also played on the big screen before the start of match.

The glorious footage was a long way from the tepid affair witnessed between two teams struggling for form, and results, in the wrong half of the Premier League table.

Joey Barton announced his return to the Premier League with a 78th-minute winner as Burnley moved into the top half of the Premier League with a 1-0 victory over Southampton.

Barton, 34, agreed to rejoin the Clarets earlier this month following an ill-fated spell with Rangers and came off the bench to place home a late free kick.

Sean Dyche has taken a risk in reacquiring Barton, not least because he faces a possible Football Association ban for breaching betting regulations, but his popularity with Burnley fans has endured.

Turf Moor had been the venue for each of Burnley's previous seven top-flight wins this season and it was on their home form alone that they entered this contest with a chance to move into the top half.

Away from east Lancashire it has been a different story, with just a solitary point from their travels, and the 3-1 loss in this reverse fixture back in October had seen Saints fire 34 shots at Tom Heaton's goal.

The England international was less busy in the opening 45 minutes here, even if Southampton spent much of the half on top.

Dusan Tadic steered one attempt wide from the left-hand side of the box before lashing in a volley that Ben Mee had to clear at the back post.

Mee was an unlikely threat at the other end having headed a corner wide and fired another effort off target from the edge of the area, but he was caught out in his defensive duties as Saints launched a 40th-minute counter.

Marko Arnautovic tore Sunderland to shreds as Stoke powered their way to their first win at the Stadium of Light.

The Austria international fired the Potters into a 2-0 lead with just 22 minutes gone and Peter Crouch added a third -- his 50th for the club -- on a bad afternoon for Black Cats keeper Vito Mannone to secure Premier League victory on Wearside for the first time since 1994.

Jermain Defoe pulled one back for the home side before half-time to spark an improved second-half display, but manager David Moyes could only look on helplessly as chants of "Are you watching, Ellis Short?'' rang around the stadium amid a 3-1 Stoke victory.

Injuries -- in particular to England Under-21s keeper Jordan Pickford -- and African Nations Cup call-ups have severely depleted Moyes' squad and with little cash available to strengthen this month, the outlook on Wearside appears bleaker than ever.

At the end of a week which saw Sunderland rebuff a bid from Crystal Palace for full-back Patrick van Aanholt days after having to fend off West Ham's interest in Defoe, the Scot might have been relieved to be able top focus on football once again.

However, his best-laid plans were left in tatters inside 34 disastrous first-half minutes as Stoke capitalised on shambolic defending with Mannone particularly culpable.

The Italian managed to block Arnautovic's initial 15th-minute shot with his foot, but could only return the ball to the Austrian, who gleefully thumped it into the roof of the net at the second time of asking.

Harry Kane hit a hat trick as Tottenham eased to a sixth straight Premier League win with a comfortable 4-0 victory over West Brom.

The Baggies had not lost at White Hart Lane since 2012, but Spurs ran them ragged for much of the contest to go second in the table.

Kane, who sat out the FA Cup win over Aston Villa after the birth of his first child, opened the scoring early on before Gareth McAuley's own goal put the hosts further ahead.

The England striker then completed his treble with two goals in five minutes towards the end.

Albion goalkeeper Ben Foster produced a string of fine saves to prevent a true hammering for the visitors who, after narrow defeats at Chelsea and Arsenal recently, were never in this game.

There was a decent early chance for Kane but he failed to make meaningful contact with Danny Rose's cross before firing an effort high and wide moments later.

But Kane broke the deadlock as he swept home Christian Eriksen's pass having been played onside by Craig Dawson.

West Brom boss Tony Pulis was fuming as he felt the attack began from a blocked free-kick for the visitors with the wall not the required distance away.

Kane went close to adding a second as he dived to meet Victor Wanyama's cross with a header but Foster managed to stop the ball almost on the line.

Arsenal scored three times in the final 20 minutes as they wiped out a 3-0 deficit and claimed a point in a thrilling match at Bournemouth.

Olivier Giroud -- whose 'scorpion' goal had made headlines in the weekend win over Crystal Palace -- rose at the far post to glance home a 91st-minute leveller against a home side reduced to 10 men with eight minutes to go.

Bournemouth made a high-tempo start but it was Arsenal who threatened first when Alexis Sanchez played in Hector Bellerin and his cross was well dealt with by Nathan Ake.

Soon afterwards, Aaron Ramsey was almost threaded through by another Sanchez touch -- but the home side hit back and tested visiting goalkeeper Petr Cech with a Junior Stanislas strike from range.

Cech got to a through ball just ahead of Cherries striker Callum Wilson, who went down under the keeper's challenge but saw his appeals for a penalty waved away.

But Bournemouth were in front after 16 minutes when Stanislas sprayed a fine pass from right to left to find Charlie Daniels in space, and he beat Hector Bellerin before placing a cool finish beyond Cech.

Within four minutes, things had gone from bad to worse for the Gunners as a clumsy Granit Xhaka push on Ryan Fraser gave Bournemouth a penalty that Wilson dispatched to put the hosts two up with only 21 minutes played.

Arsene Wenger's side then suffered yet another setback as Francis Coquelin sustained what looked like a hamstring injury and was replaced by Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain.

Ramsey saw a deflected effort fizz wide as the visitors looked for a way back into the match before Harry Arter miscued an effort from the edge of the area as the home side dominated.

Alex Iwobi missed a chance to pull one back before the break when he scuffed wide from Oxlade-Chamberlain's low cross before, with almost the last kick of the first half, Stanislas whipped in a shot that bounced wide of Cech's near post.

Bournemouth survived a scare early in the second period when Iwobi and Sanchez combined before the latter's attempted cross pinballed off a series of players and was hacked clear.

Ramsey almost found a way through after neat link-up play with Olivier Giroud, but Wenger soon had another cause for concern as Giroud went down in pain after King accidentally caught him on the ankle.

The striker, fresh from his stunning 'scorpion' goal against Crystal Palace on Sunday, was able to continue after treatment.

After 56 minutes, an Arter blast from the edge of the box deflected in off Wilson, but the referee judged that it had hit the Bournemouth striker on the hand on its way in.

But the Cherries did not have to wait much longer for a third goal, with Fraser taking advantage of a slip by Bellerin -- who appealed in vain for a push -- before firing the ball between the legs of Cech and inside the far post from a narrow angle.

Stanislas then forced a good save with a whipped free kick from 25 yards before another Fraser run ended with a cross that deflected into the side netting.

Fraser ran through again before being denied by a last-ditch challenge -- but Arsenal pulled one back with 20 minutes to play when Giroud flicked on a cross and Sanchez dived to head home at the far post.

Giroud fired straight at the goalkeeper soon afterwards, only for Arsenal to turn the mood on its head as they got another goal back with just over a quarter of an hour to play.

Substitute Lucas Perez, who had come on for Iwobi a few minutes earlier, had plenty to do when the ball was flicked on to him at an angle on the left of the penalty area -- and he did in in style, burying a superb volley to set up a thrilling finish.

Dan Gosling could have wrapped things up for Bournemouth with eight minutes left, curling wide of the post after making room for himself inside the area - and within moments the hosts were down to 10 men when captain Simon Francis clattered into Ramsey and was shown a straight red card.

Ramsey shot wide for the Gunners as the game entered its final five minutes, and in the first minute of six added on the visitors completed their incredible comeback when Giroud rose at the far post to guide a header past Artur Boruc.

Arter had one last chance to restore Bournemouth's lead -- but Cech repelled his firmly-struck shot and a remarkable game ended with honours even.

Manchester City overcame another Fernandinho red card to beat Burnley 2-1 with goals from Gael Clichy and substitute Sergio Aguero.

City had to play almost two thirds of a fractious Premier League encounter at the Etihad Stadium with 10 men after Fernandinho was dismissed for a third time in six games after a two-footed tackle.

But a rare strike from Clichy and a fine effort from Aguero, who surprisingly started on the bench, earned City the points even though a scrambled Ben Mee reply meant a nervy last 20 minutes.

Claudio Bravo made a fine late save from Michael Keane to prevent Burnley snatching a point.

City again found the going heavy despite starting well. Kelechi Iheanacho, hoping to justify his surprise selection ahead of Aguero, had an early opportunity but failed to get the ball around Tom Heaton. The Clarets keeper quickly scrambled to deny Raheem Sterling in a fine double save.

Iheanacho got behind the defence again when he raced onto a good pass from Yaya Toure but Heaton again denied him, beating away his shot.

Sterling launched a lightning counter-attack but Jesus Navas could not pick out a teammate in the area. When Navas did find Toure after another good break, Heaton saved well from the Ivorian.

The first major talking point came after 32 minutes when Fernandinho was shown a straight red card for jumping into a challenge on Johann Berg Gudmundsson. Referee Lee Mason took time to make his decision but after recent controversy following such tackles in the Premier League, it came as no surprise.

Dele Alli's double denied Chelsea a record-breaking 14th consecutive victory and fired Tottenham back into the Premier League title race.

Chelsea were bidding to become the only English side ever to win 14 successive top-flight matches in a single season but a pair of Alli headers either side of half-time consigned the Blues to a 2-0 defeat and their first league loss since Sept. 24.

The result means Chelsea miss the chance to move eight points clear at the top of the table while Tottenham climb to third, seven points behind the league leaders.

Chelsea have looked almost unbeatable at times during their relentless winning streak, which has included beating Manchester City, Tottenham in the reverse fixture in November, and Manchester United.

But Antonio Conte's men ran into a Spurs side in supreme form themselves -- they have now won five in succession in the league and seven out of their last eight in all competitions.

Central to their resurgence has been the return of key players to both fitness and form, not least Alli, whose third consecutive brace means he now has seven goals in four games, and is back in the same groove that helped drive Tottenham's surprise title challenge last term.

For Chelsea, their record pursuit bursting may yet prove a blessing in disguise -- but this loss comes as a timely reality check, particularly with crucial games against Arsenal and Liverpool fast approaching.

Mousa Dembele, rested against Watford on New Year's Day, returned to the starting lineup along with Kyle Walker and Jan Vertonghen, both available again after suspension.

Conte, meanwhile, plumped for Pedro -- also back from a ban -- ahead of Willian, despite the Brazilian scoring twice in last weekend's 4-2 win against Stoke, while Nemanja Matic took the place of Cesc Fabregas in midfield.

An early tussle between Victor Wanyama and N'Golo Kante, the team's respective midfield destroyers, set the tone before Cesar Azpilicueta barged into Vertonghen, clearly feeling the defender had overstayed his welcome in a tangle on the floor with Pedro.

In between, some football was played and Chelsea could have taken the lead when Matic's long ball forward found Eden Hazard in space, but the Belgian needlessly rushed into a half-volley and his finish trickled wide.

Chris Brunt and Gareth McAuley capitalised on Hull errors before James Morrison clinched a 3-1 win for the Baggies at The Hawthorns.

Robert Snodgrass had given Hull a first-half lead, but the Tigers were guilty of some costly defensive mistakes in the second half.

Brunt and McAuley were gifted free headers and Mike Phelan's side are without a win in nine games and remain second bottom in the Premier League, three points from the safety line.

In contrast the upwardly mobile Baggies sit eighth, having won six of their last 10 outings to set their second-best points haul in the top flight after 20 games, 29.

It was a fine comeback after a first half which Hull dominated, despite having failed to win away in the league since August.

They defied expectations with a calm and collected start and Snodgrass' 13th-minute free kick, which Ben Foster spilled, threatened to bring the game to life.

Michael Dawson lashed a half volley wide after a corner had fallen kindly to him before Hull deservedly opened the scoring after 21 minutes.

Jake Livermore produced a brilliant 40-yard pass out wide to Ahmed Elmohamady, who in turn found the onrushing Snodgrass to slide in the visitors' first away league goal since October from eight yards.

It was deserved and Hull continued to look comfortable, with West Brom failing to match the heights which saw them earn a 2-1 win at Southampton on Saturday.

Gaston Ramirez lashed a late chance wide to serve up a timely reminder of Middlesbrough's need for attacking reinforcements in an eminently forgettable goalless draw with Leicester at the Riverside Stadium.

The Uruguayan steered his half-volley wide from eight yards to sum up a frustrating afternoon for the hosts and give Boro boss Aitor Karanka plenty of reason to seek to finalise a deal for Aston Villa's £6 million-rated Rudy Gestede.

It emerged on Monday that Villa have accepted a fee for the Benin striker and on this evidence any additional goalscoring threat will be welcomed with open arms on Teesside after a dour point which does little to ease Boro's lingering relegation concerns.

Shorn of injured pair Islam Slimani and Danny Drinkwater, as well as the suspended Jamie Vardy, Foxes boss Claudio Ranieri had cause to be happier with a point but will also rue missed opportunities from the likes of Leonardo Ulloa and Christian Fuchs.

Boro made five changes from Saturday's unfortunate defeat at Old Trafford but their new-look line-up seemed ill-equipped in a first period littered with errors from both sides, with the often dependable Ramirez the main culprit.

Boro full-back Fabio was arguably the best player on the pitch and he could have expected more when he threaded Ramirez free in the early stages, only for the Uruguayan to waste his chance due to appalling control.

Jermain Defoe denied Liverpool a fifth successive Premier League victory with a penalty double as Sadio Mane went from hero to villain at Sunderland.

The Senegal international, playing his final game before heading off on African Nations Cup duty, looked to have won the game 18 minutes from time after Defoe had cancelled out Daniel Sturridge's opener from the spot.

However, his handball with five minutes left handed Defoe the opportunity to score his 11th goal of the season, and he obliged nervelessly to secure a 2-2 draw at the Stadium of Light.

The contrast between the form of the two sides could hardly have been more different ahead of kick-off, with Sunderland abject in defeat at Burnley on Boxing Day and Liverpool looking to maintain the pressure on leaders Chelsea.

Goalkeeper Vito Mannone was in fine form during a tight first half, turning away two efforts from Sturridge either side of a flying save from Georginio Wijnaldum inside the opening 18 minutes.

But opposite number Simon Mignolet was almost as busy against his former employers, fielding early efforts from Defoe and Jack Rodwell in an end-to-end start to the game.

The manner of Liverpool's opener jarred with the quality of the early attacking play on Wearside.

Defender Dejan Lovren scuffed his attempted volley from a James Milner corner harmlessly into the ground but saw the ball rear up off the turf for Sturridge to head past the helpless Mannone from close range.

Juan Mata and Zlatan Ibrahimovic fired Manchester United to a sixth straight victory at 10-man West Ham.

United were labouring against a Hammers side holding firm despite being a man down from the 15th minute after the controversial dismissal of Sofiane Feghouli.

But Jose Mourinho sent on Mata and Marcus Rashford at the start of the second half and the substitutes combined to break the deadlock. Ibrahimovic, who hit 50 goals in 2016, then opened his account for the new year as United ran out 2-0 winners.

However, the defeat was harsh on West Ham, who were up against it from the moment referee Mike Dean brandished his fifth red card in 15 matches this season.

The game was spoiled as a spectacle when Algeria winger Feghouli's heavy first touch forced him into a 50-50 challenge with Phil Jones on the edge of United's area.

The tackle did not look malicious -- although Jones certainly came off worse -- but Dean stunned the London Stadium by producing a straight red.

Yet if West Ham felt a sense of injustice they certainly could not complain about the slice of fortune which kept the sides level 10 minutes before half-time.

United looked certain to score when Ibrahimovic crossed to Henrikh Mkhitaryan, who laid the ball back across goal to leave Antonio Valencia with a simple finish at the far post.

On-loan striker Enner Valencia may have given Everton manager Ronald Koeman one less thing to think about in the January transfer window after his game-changing substitute appearance in the 3-0 victory over Southampton.

The Ecuador international came off the bench to enliven a dreary occasion, scoring the 73rd-minute opener and winning the late penalty which allowed Leighton Baines to double their lead before Romelu Lukaku gave the scoreline a flattering appearance.

That late show papered over some of the cracks which were evident in the preceding three-quarters of a game which seemed to be meandering towards a dull draw until Valencia's introduction.

Koeman made four changes, Saints boss Claude Puel six, and that disruption was not helped by enforced substitutions in the opening 12 minutes.

Southampton right-back Cedric Soares departed with a head injury after colliding with the advertising boards while 19-year-old Dominic Calvert-Lewin, making his first Everton start, went off with an ankle problem.

Despite the Toffees having an extra day's rest they looked lethargic, struggled to string more than a couple of passes together, their control was poor and they lacked any invention going forward.

Considering Koeman's limited options on the bench, having already used Kevin Mirallas and with former Barcelona youth team forward Gerard Deulofeu's days looking numbered after being omitted from the squad for the second successive match, his desire to add both quality and numbers now the transfer window is open is obvious.

With defensive midfielder Idrissa Gana Gueye, arguably their best player this season, now joining up with Senegal for the African Nations Cup there is even greater need for reinforcements.

Swansea marked Paul Clement's appointment as their new head coach with a dramatic 2-1 victory at relegation rivals Crystal Palace.

The 44-year-old had been appointed only hours before kick-off and was not officially scheduled to take charge until Saturday at Hull, but he came down to the touchline as goals from Alfie Mawson and Angel Rangel secured only their fourth Premier League win of the season.

Defeat lifted Swansea off the foot of the table and means new Palace manager Sam Allardyce has taken only one point from three games.

Until Rangel's 88th-minute finish, Wilfried Zaha's equalising goal came close to giving Allardyce's own reign some momentum.

After a poor performance in Sunday's 2-0 defeat at Arsenal, former England boss Allardyce had spoken of the importance of his team securing a vital win against rivals at even greater risk of relegation.

He had also spoken of how vital it was they controlled their nerves, but it was as if his players were already not listening to their new manager.

Ryan Shawcross and Peter Crouch scored either side of the interval to earn Stoke a first win in six and pile more misery on Walter Mazzarri's Watford.

Potters skipper Shawcross, whose last goal came exactly two years and two days earlier, fired past an unconvincing Heurelho Gomes in half-time stoppage time before Crouch benefited from some abject defending from Sebastian Prodl for his 98th Premier League goal shortly after the resumption.

The 2-0 success lifted Mark Hughes' men up to 11th in the table, above the injury-ravaged Hornets, whose head coach Mazzarri looks under increasing pressure amid fears they could be in the midst of a similar collapse to the one they suffered in the second half of last season.

Having finished the calendar year shipping 68 top-flight goals, Potters boss Hughes may have been feeling the heat too, and he sacrificed flair by leaving Xherdan Shaqiri, Giannelli Imbula, Ibrahim Afellay and Bojan Krkic among his substitutes, instead entrusting the old guard of Charlie Adam, Jonathan Walters and Crouch.

The Welshman persisted with his three-man defence, though, having switched to it for November's win at Vicarage Road and at least had Marko Arnautovic back from a ban to try to unlock the visitors.

It was he who was set free by Joe Allen's through ball after a mistake by Prodl and the Austrian cut the ball across the six-yard box for Walters, who might have scored were it not for Miguel Britos' brilliant intervention.

That had been one of the few occasions the Potters played their way through the Watford defence, although Gomes was fortunate Walters could not capitalise when he pushed Crouch's header into Valon Behrami.

Watford were finding it equally difficult to conjure up chances as promising attacks broke down when Troy Deeney lost support and Allen stole in to rob Adlene Guedioura.

A half between two sides who had conceded a combined eight goals at the weekend was heading for a scoreless conclusion before Shawcross struck in stoppage time.

The Stoke skipper had stepped away from Guedioura to meet Adam's corner 12 yards out and Shawcross' effort was only helped into the corner by Gomes, with no man on his near post to spare his stopper's blushes.

That opener came in the fourth minute of stoppage time and four minutes after the interval Stoke had doubled their lead.

The Hornets had nearly levelled when Abdoulaye Doucoure's fierce right-footed try was pushed out by Lee Grant before their defensive shortcomings once again reared their head.

A semi-cleared corner found its way back out to Adam on the left and his weak low cross somehow managed to get past Prodl, with Crouch, standing behind him, knowing little about the finishing touch which saw the ball divert off his thigh and into the corner.

It was the first time since February 2015 that the 35-year-old had netted in back-to-back Premier League games and took him to 98 career efforts in the division.

Against a team bereft of confidence and fit senior players, the result already looked assured, though Walters was twice denied a third by Gomes and Shawcross stabbed wide.

The Hornets were unable to find a way back, though Jerome Sinclair and Prodl came close with headers, and a sixth defeat in eight will do little to help the job security of Mazzarri.

Managerless Swansea will welcome in the new year bottom of the Premier League after Bournemouth completed a comfortable 3-0 victory at the Liberty Stadium.

Benik Afobe and Ryan Fraser scored first-half goals before substitute Josh King added the gloss two minutes from time.

The Cherries inflicted a fourth successive defeat on Swansea who face a huge task to avoid the drop in 2017.

Swansea hope to have a new manager in charge for Tuesday's trip to Crystal Palace -- former Derby boss and current Bayern Munich assistant Paul Clement is the favourite -- but it will need some rescue act to prolong the club's top-flight stay.

Having sacked Bob Bradley after the Boxing Day drubbing by West Ham, Swansea were looking for an immediate lift under the caretaker charge of Alan Curtis. Hull's draw with Everton on Friday night had dropped the Welsh side to the foot of the table.

It is not an unfamiliar task for club stalwart Curtis, who has held the fort in the past when times have been challenging, but Swansea have never had it so bad in the Premier League with only 12 points at the halfway point of the season.

For Bournemouth, however, it is indeed a happy new year with Eddie Howe's easy-on-the-eye Cherries greeting 2017 in 10th place on 24 points and looking upwards, rather than below.

Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud scored a stunning 'scorpion' goal as the Gunners beat Crystal Palace at a rainy Emirates Stadium to move back above North London rivals Tottenham and into third place.

Giroud -- who missed a great chance in the early moments when he failed to make contact with a low cross from close range -- opened the scoring in spectacular style after 17 minutes.

The France international, who was involved in the early stages of the move, arrived in the area to flick home Alexis Sanchez's cross with a brilliant improvised finish that went in off the bar. It came just five days after Manchester United's Henrikh Mkhitaryan had scored a "scorpion" goal of his own against Sunderland.

The goal gave Arsenal a lead they had threatened to take several times in the opening stages, with Sanchez blasting an effort just wide and Alex Iwobi seeing his low strike stopped by keeper Wayne Hennessey.

Palace had set up with the intention of containing their hosts and offered little threat throughout the first period.

Hennessey came to the rescue when Andros Townsend lost possession inside his own area and almost gifted Nacho Monreal the chance to add a second, and Mohamed Elneny fizzed an effort from range off target.

Seconds before the break, the Palace keeper made a crucial stop to foil Sanchez, saving with his feet as the Arsenal forward looked set to give his side a two-goal cushion.

Palace fired a warning shot in the early moments of the second half when Christian Benteke narrowly failed to guide a header from Townsend's cross beyond Petr Cech -- but Arsenal scored the second goal they wanted within 10 minutes of that scare.

It came when a Monreal cross was deflected up into the air by Palace's Scott Dann and Alex Iwobi nodded home via a defender and the underside of the bar.

That setback sparked the best spell of the match from Palace with Benteke and Yohan Cabaye -- who tried his luck with a superb long-range volley -- both denied by Cech within a matter of moments.

Giroud just failed to get on the end of a teasing cross and Granit Xhaka saw an effort deflected past the post as Arsenal sought a third before, with time running out, Monreal was booked for a foul on Wilfried Zaha as the winger tried to spark a Palace counter-attack.

Substitute Aaron Ramsey curled a shot wide as the seconds ticked away and Alex Oxlade-Chanbverlain was denied by a good Hennessey save -- but nothing could deprive Giroud's stunning goal of its position at the top of the bill.

Ross Barkley denied Hull a rare Premier League victory by heading home a late equaliser in front of watching England coach Gareth Southgate.

The Everton midfielder has struggled to produce his best form this season but rescued a 2-2 draw for his side in the 84th minute after Robert Snodgrass's second-half free kick had threatened to win the game for Hull.

Both sides hit the woodwork after Tigers goalkeeper David Marshall's own goal had cancelled out Michael Dawson's first-half opener for Hull -- and although Mike Phelan's side moved off the bottom of the table, they have now gone nine games without a league win.

Hull burst out of the blocks with Snodgrass curling a shot wide and Everton skipper Phil Jagielka turning Ahmed Elmohamady's excellent ball over his own crossbar before Dawson gave his side a sixth-minute lead.

Snodgrass's corner was flicked on by Harry Maguire and the centre-half finished in style, burying a first-time shot inside Joel Robles' left-hand post for his fourth goal of the season.

The hosts' deserved early breakthrough stung Everton into action. Kevin Mirallas' shot was blocked by Marshall and Seamus Coleman headed Gareth Barry's cross against the foot of a post.

Jurgen Klopp won the battle of managerial masterminds at Anfield as Liverpool's 1-0 victory put a dent in Manchester City's title aspirations.

Georginio Wijnaldum's eighth-minute goal proved enough to beat Pep Guardiola's side and ensure the Reds' maintained the six-point deficit on leaders Chelsea, whom City now trail by 10 points.

A fourth defeat of the season ended the visitors' mini-revival which had seen them win the last three after a wobble earlier in the month.

For two teams who like to dominate possession there were a lot of loose balls flying around midfield and while the predicted goal-fest between the Premier League's leading two scorers did not materialise it was a fascinating encounter stage-managed by two of the world's top coaches.

Klopp was first to show his hand and comfortably won the opening 45 minutes. Guardiola gained a reaction from his side after the break but failed to conjure a goal -- or even a decent scoring opportunity -- out of his expensively assembled side.

City's top scorer Sergio Aguero, back after a four-match suspension, barely had a kick until he registered their first shot on target in the 54th minute.

The visitors were stifled by Liverpool's incessant pressing and harrying with makeshift left-back James Milner epitomising the team ethic with a complete shut-out job on former Reds winger Raheem Sterling, eight years his junior.

Anthony Martial and Paul Pogba struck in the closing minutes to hand Manchester United a deserved three points against Middlesbrough at Old Trafford.

United dominated the 90 minutes, raining 32 efforts down on the Boro goal but were denied twice by the post, once by a contentious refereeing decision and on multiple occasions by their former goalkeeper Victor Valdes.

When Grant Leadbitter lashed home his first Premier League goal in almost eight years it looked as though a scarcely believable upset was on the cards but Martial and Pogba found the net in quick succession during a frantic last five minutes to seal a 2-1 triumph.

That left United boasting a six-game winning streak heading into 2017, a stark contrast to the eight games without victory that Louis van Gaal brought up in the club's final fixture last year.

While the Red Devils certainly did things the hard way, they were fine value for the points with both goal scorers hitting the woodwork previously and Zlatan Ibrahimovic unfortunate to see his kung-fu style finish ruled out for high feet.

It was, though, hard on Valdes -- a pariah of the Van Gaal era but excellent under severe pressure for 85 minutes on Saturday.

United can count themselves unlucky not to have taken a first-half lead.

Willian scored twice as Chelsea held off valiant Stoke for a Premier League record 13th successive win in a single season.

Bruno Martins Indi and Peter Crouch -- with his first Premier League goal since May 2015 -- struck to cancel out goals by Gary Cahill and Willian.

But Willian struck for a second time moments after Crouch's equaliser and Diego Costa netted a fourth as Antonio Conte's Premier League leaders emulated Arsenal's record of 13 consecutive victories in a solitary campaign.

The Gunners extended that 2002 landmark by a game to 14 the following season and Chelsea can match that streak at rivals Tottenham on Wednesday.

It was the first time Chelsea had conceded more than one goal in a game since the September 24 loss at Arsenal, but the subsequent run has seen the Blues enter 2017 as the title favourites.

Stoke boss Mark Hughes believed his side could end Chelsea's winning streak, but few gave the Potters a chance, especially given Costa and N'Golo Kante were back from suspensions.

Stoke, on a four-match winless streak, were also seeking a first league win at Chelsea in 42 years.

Martins Indi was one of three Stoke centre-backs as the visitors matched Chelsea's 3-4-3 formation, while goalkeeper Lee Grant was excellent throughout.

Eden Hazard had an early shot blocked by Martins Indi and moments later Kante fired just wide following a quickly taken corner.

Cesc Fabregas was retained ahead of Nemanja Matic and the Spaniard's guile was soon in evidence as he crossed for Costa.

The striker brought the ball down on his chest before striking a volley at goal which Grant saved. And the ball bounced back to him off Martins Indi.

A Cahill header from a Fabregas corner was clawed away by Grant, but it was not all Chelsea as Cesar Azpilicueta made a fine defensive intervention to repel Charlie Adam's low cross.

Andre Gray scored a hat-trick as David Moyes' wretched Sunderland were battered 4-1 by Burnley at Turf Moor.

Gray, who netted the winner against Middlesbrough on Boxing Day, took advantage of some calamitous defending by Papy Djilobodji on three occasions to score the Clarets' first-ever Premier League treble.

Ashley Barnes added a fourth from the spot before Jermain Defoe claimed a consolation as the Clarets moved nine points clear of their opponents with a seventh home win of the season to round off a fine 2016 in style.

For the Black Cats, who lost Lamine Kone and Victor Anichebe to first-half injuries and are facing a quiet transfer window, hope will be in short supply when the new year arrives.

Moyes had made three changes in a bid to claim a crucial year-ending three points and his plan had John O'Shea as a defensive-midfield shield in an attacking team.

The Black Cats started brightly too but the writing looked to be on the wall as soon as Kone picked up an injury when colliding with an advertising hoarding as he tried to stop Gray firing into the side-netting.

After initial treatment, Kone carried on but conceded defeat in the 24th minute and O'Shea dropped back to form a central-defensive partnership with Djilobodji that wilted when facing its first real test.

From Scott Arfield's long punt, both Sunderland centre-backs went to challenge Barnes and the ball came off O'Shea's shoulder, allowing Gray to run through and slot beyond a collapsing Vito Mannone, who was unable to keep out a shot directed virtually straight at him.

Tottenham produced a dominant display to cruise to victory at Watford and move ahead of North London rivals Arsenal -- temporarily at least -- and Manchester City in the Premier League table.

Two goals apiece from Harry Kane and Dele Alli did the damage as Mauricio Pochettino's side ran rings around their demoralised opponents at Vicarage Road.

Watford's recent injury problems got worse when Camilo Zuniga was injured in the prematch warmup and replaced in the lineup by Odion Ighalo.

And the Hornets found themselves on the back foot in the early stages, with Son Heung-Min firing a powerful effort too close to Heurelho Gomes after seven minutes before a Christian Eriksen drive seemed to hit Etienne Capoue on the hand only for penalty appeals to be waved away.

Full-back Danny Rose should have given the visitors the lead when he blazed an effort over from inside the area after 23 minutes, but they did not have to wait much longer for the breakthrough to arrive.

They had seemed set to be frustrated again when Alli fired a swerving effort against the bar -- but within moments Kieran Trippier played in Kane and the striker celebrated his 100th Premier League game for the club with a smart finish inside the near post after 27 minutes.

That was the cue for Spurs to take control against an increasingly ragged-looking Hornets side, and they doubled their lead six minutes later when more hesitant defending enabled Kane to stab home another Tripper cross.

Son almost made it three five minutes before the break when his smart low volley from Eriksen's free kick fizzed just wide with Gomes stranded, but Spurs sealed the points when Alli seized on a mistake by Younes Kaboul to steer a calm finish inside the far post before half-time.

Within seconds of the start of the second half Alli struck again, Sebastian Prodl the Watford culprit as he gave the ball away cheaply and Kane set up the midfielder to score his second goal of an increasingly easy Tottenham afternoon.

Alli was replaced by Harry Winks soon afterwards but Kane continued to search for a hat trick and could have had one when Gomes tipped his low free kick around the post.

With 54 minutes played Watford had a rare sight of goal as Troy Deeney fashioned half a chance for Ighalo, but the forward could only steer an ambitious effort off target.

As Spurs looked ahead to the midweek match against Premier League leaders Chelsea, Pochettino took off Kane with just under 15 minutes remaining and replaced him with Vincent Janssen.

Son's cross towards the substitute was tipped away by Gomes and an Eriksen through ball towards him failed to find its target before Watford scrambled one back through Kaboul in injury time after Spurs had failed to deal with a free kick into the area.

The Londoners did go third in the table on goal difference for a short time, before Arsenal went above them with a win over Crystal Palace.

Hal Robson-Kanu fired his first goal of the season as West Brom clinched a 2-1 Premier League win over 10-man Southampton at St Mary's.

Matt Phillips drove home West Brom's first before playing in Robson-Kanu for a stunning winner -- his maiden strike for the Baggies.

Former West Brom striker Shane Long had earlier ended a 21-match drought for his first goal for Saints this term, only for Claude Puel's muddled strategy to trip up his side once more.

Home captain Virgil van Dijk was sent off for a second yellow card at the death to cap a wretched afternoon for the hosts.

Defender Allan Nyom had earlier been lucky to escape seeing red for West Brom, avoiding a second booking despite clumsily clattering Dusan Tadic.

West Brom boss Tony Pulis withdrew the 28-year-old shortly after half-time, pitching in midfielder James McClean and demanding a more attacking outlook.

The switch immediately paid off, with Robson-Kanu lighting up the south coast by unleashing a strike of the highest quality.

West Brom leapfrogged Southampton into eighth in the table with the win, leaving the Saints to rue their continued incoherence in attack.

Pulis had come under fire for his ultra-defensive strategy in consecutive 1-0 away defeats at Chelsea and Arsenal -- but showed his more progressive qualities here as the visitors pulled off a solid victory.

Islam Slimani eased any growing relegation pressure at Leicester as the champions held on to beat West Ham 1-0.

The striker's header sent the Foxes six points clear of the Premier League bottom three with just a second top-flight win since October.

Michail Antonio hit the bar for the Hammers who, despite dominating the second half, failed to find a way through to end their run of three straight wins.

The Foxes finished a year where they won a shock title on a high after a poor first half to the season which has seen them drift dangerously close to the drop zone.

Victory halted West Ham's rise up the table and Leicester are now just two points behind the Hammers.

Boss Claudio Ranieri had urged his team to give him more and they delivered during a frantic first half before riding out second-half pressure from the visitors.

The recalled Riyad Mahrez forced Darren Randolph into a smart save after just 70 seconds before Slimani wasted a fine opening after four minutes.

Marc Albrighton and Danny Simpson combined to send Albrighton clear and his deep cross was met by Slimani, only for the striker to head against the outside of a post.

The Algeria international, with just two goals in his previous 11 games, should have scored and the Foxes briefly rode their luck when Antonio snatched at chances at the far post.

But Leicester were on top and had rediscovered the intensity which was so badly lacking in their 2-0 defeat to Everton on Boxing Day.

With Mahrez taking up attention behind Slimani, wingers Demarai Gray and Albrighton were given extra space and it was Albrighton who conjured the winner after 20 minutes.

Chelsea set a new club record of 12 straight Premier League wins and extended their lead at the top of the table with a 3-0 victory over Bournemouth at Stamford Bridge on Monday.

Two goals from Pedro Rodriguez and and another Eden Hazard sealed the points as the Blues showed no signs of missing top scorer Diego Costa, who missed the match through suspension along with midfielder N'Golo Kante.

Pedro opened the scoring midway through the first half before Hazard scored his 50th Premier League goal for Chelsea from the penalty spot shortly after half-time. Pedro then added another goal in injury time, via a heavy deflection, to put the gloss on the victory.

The win moves Antonio Conte's side nine points clear of second-placed Liverpool, who play Stoke City at Anfield on Tuesday, while Manchester City can go within seven points of the leaders with a win at Hull City later on Boxing Day.

Chelsea are now two wins short of matching the longest winning streak in Premier League history, set by Arsenal across the 2001-02 and 2002-03 seasons.

The Blues host Stoke on New Year's Eve and then travel to London rivals Tottenham Hotspur four days later for what could be their chance to equal Arsenal's win record. If they succeed, they will travel to defending champions Leicester City on Jan. 14 looking set a new mark of 15 straight league wins.

Sam Allardyce was denied victory in his first match as Crystal Palace manager after Troy Deeney's penalty earned Watford a 1-1 draw.

The former England manager succeeded in coaxing an improved performance from some of the players whose poor form had contributed to predecessor Alan Pardew being sacked, and they were on course to win as he resumed his Premier League career at the same ground he oversaw his last match with Sunderland.

Yohan Cabaye's first-half finish had given Palace the lead as they pursued only a fifth league win of the season, but the penalty that ended substitute Troy Deeney's long wait for his 100th Watford goal delivered a reminder to Allardyce of the relegation battle which lies ahead. It could all have been very different if Christian Benteke had converted a first-half penalty chance, but his weak effort was comfortably saved by Hornets goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes.

One of the unavoidable conclusions at the time of Pardew's departure was that, despite a strong team and significant money spent on the £13million Andros Townsend among others, individuals like the England international were continuing to under-perform.

Townsend had requested to play on the right wing earlier in the season, but after Pardew chose to retain Wilfried Zaha there he struggled on the left before being dropped.

Rebuilding his form and confidence appeared an obvious way of instantly improving Palace's fortunes, so it was perhaps little surprise he was recalled to start on the right, with Zaha on the left.

There was also only a second start for another of Pardew's summer signings, Mathieu Flamini, and a vastly-improved performance from the £10million Cabaye, another too often below his best.

It was Cabaye who provided Palace's first true goal threat, in the 25th minute with a shot just wide of the left post after Benteke's poor control conceded possession, and only a minute later the Frenchman had given the Eagles the lead.

Townsend had done well to win the ball on the right wing before turning brilliantly and playing Cabaye through on goal, where with time and space he casually finished into the bottom left corner beyond the onrushing Gomes.

Cabaye had again shot just wide of the left post when, in the 37th minute, a poor back pass from Sebastian Prodl gifted the ball to Benteke, who was then brought down in the area by the exposed Gomes.

Watford had posed so little of an attacking threat that a second goal looked likely to prove decisive, but Benteke - completely lacking in any conviction - casually stroked the ball to the right and close to Gomes, giving the goalkeeper an easy save.

Palace needlessly allowed their hosts to pull level when, from a routine 70th-minute corner, Damien Delaney clumsily brought down Prodl to leave referee Mark Clattenburg with little choice but to award the game's second penalty.

Substitute Deeney, who had gone his past 10 games without a goal and who unexpectedly had been left out of Walter Mazzarri's starting XI, then powerfully struck straight down the middle and beyond Wayne Hennessey who had dived to his left.

An increasingly scrappy second half ensured neither team could find a winning goal, leaving Palace with a record of one win in 11, and Watford with two in eight.

Kevin Mirallas and Romelu Lukaku struck to sink Leicester and hand Everton their first away win since September.

The pair scored breakaway second-half goals to send the Toffees seventh in the Premier League following a 2-0 victory at the King Power Stadium, which increases the champions' relegation worries.

It was only Everton's third triumph from their last 13 Premier League games but Ronald Koeman's side ground out all three points in a low-quality game.

The last time Leicester hosted the Toffees, in May, they lifted the Premier League trophy afterwards, but this time they are three points above the relegation zone.

That the bottom three continue to struggle is a saving grace but boss Claudio Ranieri needs his side to rediscover their spark during a period which he has already said will define their season.

Leicester have won just two of their last 13 games in all competitions and, without the banned Jamie Vardy, rarely looked like scoring.

Around 30,000 Vardy masks were left on seats for supporters before the game, a move widely thought to be a response to the striker's three-match ban.

The Foxes failed to get his suspension overturned, following a red card at Stoke last week, despite an appeal to the Football Association with boss Claudio Ranieri and owner Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha both speaking out against the dismissal.

FA chairman Greg Clarke attended the game and was photographed pretending to wear a mask but regardless of their feelings, the Foxes must do without Vardy for another two games.

They missed his presence and replacement Shinji Okazaki was withdrawn at half-time while Riyad Mahrez, last season's PFA Player of the Year, was dropped for Demarai Gray.

Former Birmingham winger Gray was a rare bright spot for the Foxes during a dire first half as he helped them dictate the early play as he and Daniel Amartey tried their luck from distance.

Everton held firm but lacked any intensity to threaten the hosts with Lukaku isolated, although the striker's minimal movement did little to help his, and his team's, cause.

Three goals in the final 18 minutes saw Manchester City climb to second in the Premier League table courtesy of a laboured 3-0 win at Hull.

Mike Phelan's Tigers frustrated Pep Guardiola's title challengers for most of a drab encounter at the KCOM Stadium but Yaya Toure finally broke the deadlock with a 72nd-minute penalty.

Substitute Kelechi Iheanacho made victory certain by tapping in from close range six minutes later and the influential Raheem Sterling forced Curtis Davies to concede a late own goal.

Defeat was harsh on Hull, who have won just once in the league since August, after a battling display almost saw them take the lead when Bacary Sagna cleared off the line from Michael Dawson.

But the visitors could not afford to drop points, after leaders Chelsea won earlier in the day and with a tough trip to Liverpool next weekend.

Their quality came through in the end although, despite controlling possession, they lacked a creative spark.

With Sergio Aguero sitting out the final game of his four-match ban, they were also without a focal point.

They attacked at times with a four-man frontline of Kevin De Bruyne, Sterling, David Silva and Nolito, but chances still proved hard to come by.

Toure tested David Marshall from a long-range free kick, Silva had another effort blocked, Nolito scuffed a shot and Sterling blasted over after a tricky run, but otherwise there was little goalmouth action in the first half.

Hull successfully soaked up a lot of pressure and looked to pounce on any City mistakes.

In a smart ploy, they also looked for Dieumerci Mbokani to run and test the perceived weak links of John Stones and Claudio Bravo.

Andre Gray volleyed in his second Premier League goal 10 minutes from time to earn Burnley a 1-0 win over Middlesbrough at Turf Moor.

The former non-league forward had not scored since netting against Liverpool in August, after which historical homophobic posts on social media came to light that saw the Football Association hand him a four-game ban.

Last year's Championship player of the year has not been a regular since returning, but he provided the key contribution in a dull affair here with a late strike that earned the Clarets a sixth home win of the season.

It had been four years since Burnley had scored in a Boxing Day encounter and their 3-0 loss to Hull 12 months ago was their final defeat before a 23-match unbeaten streak guided them to the Championship title.

They pipped Boro to that crown, but ahead of kick-off here it was Aitor Karanka's men who were one point better off in their respective battles against the drop.

However, at a venue where 16 of their 17 points had been accrued, the Clarets would have circled this affair, and the New Year's Eve clash with Sunderland, as pivotal ones.

It was unsurprising to see a tight game unfold given how evenly matched the two outfits are, although Cristhian Stuani had a chance to break the tension with a 12th-minute half volley that he fired wide having been put through over the top by Antonio Barragan.

There was little of note to report at the other end either, aside from Ashley Barnes' try being pushed around a post by Victor Valdes, although the half's biggest incident did occur at that end.

Liverpool warmed up for their mouthwatering clash against top-four rivals Manchester City later this week with a confident 4-1 win over Stoke.

Adam Lallana and Roberto Firmino turned things around in the first half after Jon Walters' opener before a Giannelli Imbula own goal and Daniel Sturridge's first in the Premier League this season, 56 seconds after coming off the bench, wrapped things up.

They moved back into second ahead of City, who visit on Saturday, to maintain the six-point gap with leaders Chelsea.

Pep Guardiola's side will not relish their New Year's Eve trip to Anfield to face a team who have now scored 100 league goals during Jurgen Klopp's 48 matches, equalling the record set by Kenny Dalglish.

Liverpool have scored 86 league goals in 2016, their most in a calendar year since 1989, and have 40 points from their opening 18 matches for only the second time in the Premier League era.

Their ability to score at home -- half of their eight Anfield league matches have produced four goals or more -- is why this weekend's visit of City is so highly anticipated.

However, Klopp had warned the Stoke fixture -- sandwiched between the Merseyside derby and City -- was not to be under-estimated and boyhood Everton fan Walters' sixth league goal in 12 appearances against the Reds proved that.

Stoke's record at Anfield is the worst in the Premier League, having not won in 1959 and scored only two goals since 1983, but Walters set about changing that as he nipped in front of Dejan Lovren to catch Simon Mignolet unawares with a near-post header which the goalkeeper got a hand to but could not keep out.

Mignolet did much better when former Reds midfielder Joe Allen created space for himself inside the penalty area, the Belgium international parrying the shot far enough away from the waiting Peter Crouch.

That was the signal for Liverpool to come out of their post-Christmas slumber with Crouch clearing Firmino's shot off the line but there was no-one to fall back on when Lallana, via a deflection from another ex-Red Glen Johnson, swept home from the narrowest of angles.

Firmino, who was charged with drink-driving on Christmas Eve, added the second a minute before the break via both posts having blazed over a good chance while Mane, who had tormented Bruno Martins Indi for the first goal, scuffed a shot wide of the upright.

Mane played a part in Liverpool's third on the hour, if only to put Imbula under pressure, but it was Jordan Henderson's pass inside Johnson to feed Origi which created the chance.

Sturridge's arrival with 20 minutes ago produced the fourth when Ryan Shawcross sent a blind backpass straight to the England striker, who confidently rounded goalkeeper Lee Grant before netting.

Henrikh Mkhitaryan's moment of magic capped a comprehensive 3-1 Manchester United win and chastening Old Trafford return for Sunderland manager David Moyes.

Two years and eight months after his ill-fated spell as Sir Alex Ferguson's successor came to an end, the Boxing Day clash saw the Scot return to his former club for the first time.

Moyes' hopes of exacting revenge were ended comprehensively, though, as Daley Blind and Zlatan Ibrahimovic efforts were added to in style by substitute Mkhitaryan, marking his return from injury with an outrageous flick as Sunderland were overcome 3-1.

There had been questions over the Armenian having struggled to work his way into the United squad, never mind the starting line-up, following his summer move from Borussia Dortmund.

But Mkhitaryan has impressed since being given the nod by Jose Mourinho and, having returned from an ankle injury, scored an exceptional goal, flicking in an Ibrahimovic cross with aplomb.

The substitute was offside when the ball came over but the damage was already done by that points thanks to a low first-half strike from Blind that was added to after the break by in-form Ibrahimovic.

Mkhitaryan's goal was the pick of the bunch, despite an outrageous late consolation from Fabio Borini, as United racked up a fourth straight league win as Moyes' return ended in disappointment.

A hug from Fred the Red, handshake from Mourinho and clutch of autograph hunters welcomed Moyes into the away dugout at Old Trafford, where the view in the opening stages was far from comfortable. However, United were unable to make any real inroads during their enterprising start as Sunderland's threat grew in tandem with their confidence.

Papy Djilobodji saw an effort blocked and Jermain Defoe threatened on the counter, before David De Gea scampered across his goal to prevent Patrick van Aanholt scoring a free-kick.

Play was swinging from end-to-end and United broke with Juan Mata looking to latch onto a long ball, only to be barged to the deck with some force by Lamine Kone - a penalty appeal ignored by referee Martin Atkinson.

Mourinho's visible chagrin was nearly lifted by the impressive Paul Pogba, who saw a first-time strike hit the post via a slight deflection.

The world's most expensive player tried an effort from distance and hit a dipping volley as he attempted to lift a United side who had De Gea to thank for smartly denying Victor Anichebe and Borini following a defensive mix-up.

Mourinho's side were not performing at the best but managed to eke out a first-half opener. Ibrahimovic held up the ball on the left-hand side of the box and teed up Blind, who took a touch on the run and drove the ball past Jordan Pickford.

There was an air of relief around Old Trafford given United's struggles to break down teams at home this term, with Pickford preventing the home side from extending their advantage.

A lovely team move ended with Pogba taking a touch and then acrobatic swing at the ball, before Mata's stoppage-time free-kick was denied by the young goalkeeper.

United continued in the ascendancy after half-time as they looked to double their advantage.

Pogba powered a header just over and Ibrahimovic missed the target with a fizzing strike, before Mkhitaryan was brought on to the delight of the Old Trafford faithful.

It was easy to see why as the Armenian curled wide within moments of his introduction, then impressively slipped through Ibrahimovic to get away a shot Pickford denied well.

The Swede would get the better of the impressive Black Cats goalkeeper in the 82nd minute after possession was frittered away, with the veteran to be fed by Pogba and slotting home.

Loud applause drowned out jeers as divisive midfielder Marouane Fellaini was brought on late in a match that ended with a bang.

Ibrahimovic swung in a cross from the right flank and Mkhitaryan directed home with an outstanding flick in front of the Stretford End.

It was a remarkable goal, albeit from an offside position, that Borini tried to match with his own wonder strike, but it was a mere consolation.

Dele Alli's double spared Harry Kane's blushes as the midfielder helped Tottenham to an emphatic 4-1 win against 10-man Southampton.

Kane scored one but missed a penalty at St Mary's as two goals from Alli and another from substitute Son Heung-min sealed an impressive victory for Spurs. Virgil van Dijk had earlier put Saints ahead within 73 seconds but Tottenham came back to lead after two headers from Kane and Alli.

Nathan Redmond was then sent off just before the hour by referee Mike Dean for denying Alli a goalscoring opportunity only for Kane to blaze the spot-kick over the bar.

The miss proved inconsequential, however, as substitute Son and then Alli sealed the win, which sends Tottenham back to within a point of Arsenal in fourth.

Oriol Romeu was back from suspension for Southampton while Mousa Dembele recovered from a foot problem to start for Spurs, whose only surprise selection was the missing Toby Alderweireld. The club said the Belgian had come down with a virus.

Alderweireld's absence meant Southampton fans could focus their dissatisfaction solely on Wanyama, the latest recruit to swap the south coast for White Hart Lane last summer.

Perhaps Wanyama's adrenaline was still pumping when he flew into an early challenge and moments later conceded a foul for a tug of the shirt.

James Ward-Prowse whipped in the free-kick and an unmarked Van Dijk jumped between Jan Vertonghen and Danny Rose to nod his side in front inside two minutes.

Spurs were rattled, struggling to cope with their opponents' speed out wide as Redmond motored past Dembele and drove just wide of the far post, before Sofiane Boufal tore down the left, his cross causing momentary panic as Vertonghen lashed the loose ball away from the arriving Jay Rodriguez.

If Southampton were all pace and penetration, Tottenham were more patient and precise and in the 19th minute, it paid dividends.

Olivier Giroud marked his first Premier League start of the season by heading home a late winner as Arsenal eked out a 1-0 victory over a resolute West Brom.

It had looked for 86 minutes as though Tony Pulis' game-plan would work to perfection as the visitors limited the Gunners to only a handful of chances, with Ben Foster on top form in the Baggies' goal.

But it would be Giroud, largely a bit-part player for Arsene Wenger this season, who headed home Mesut Ozil's cross to secure a much-needed Boxing Dy triumph for the hosts.

Wenger spoke of being "immune to excessive reactions" following back-to-back losses but he would likely have come in for further stinging criticism had his side been held by a spirited West Brom.

Alexis Sanchez, starting out wide with Giroud handed his first league start of the campaign, flashed a shot wide with 15 minutes gone as West Brom's defensive unit kept their hosts at arm's length in the early stages.

A last-gasp challenge from Jonny Evans prevented Giroud getting through on goal as Arsenal continued to pressurise without testing Foster.

For all their defensive effort, Pulis' side almost took the lead as Salomon Rondon flicked on Nacer Chadli's cross, only for Petr Cech to save.

Arsenal went straight down the other end and finally got a shot on target as Sanchez stung the palms of Foster with a drilled effort from the edge of the box.

The Gunners trudged off frustrated at the break but should have been ahead soon after the restart only for Foster to pull off a great double save, parrying Alex Iwobi's strike and then keeping out Sanchez's follow up.

He could do nothing as Sanchez thrashed an effort goalwards from the resulting corner, but the shot hit the woodwork and stayed out.

The former Manchester United goalkeeper was on hand once again to tip Sanchez's dipping shot behind as Arsenal came closer and closer to breaking the deadlock.

Giroud was the next man to be denied by Foster, who used his feet to divert the Frenchman's low shot away from goal.

West Brom should have snatched the lead with a little over 20 minutes remaining but Claudio Yacob could only flash a shot high and wide when a corner dropped to him at the far post.

Wenger shuffled his pack and introduced Lucas Perez and Aaron Ramsey from the bench, while Nacho Monreal also came on for the injured Kieran Gibbs.

Perez almost had an immediate impact as his low cross flashed across goal with Giroud close to tapping home from almost on the goal-line.

But it was Giroud who would make his mark, heading home his sixth goal of the season as Ozil celebrated his 100th Premier League appearance with a vital assist.

The win keeps Arsenal nine points behind leaders Chelsea and out of the clutches of Tottenham and Manchester United, who are looking to break into the top four.

West Ham turned up the heat on embattled Swansea City manager Bob Bradley with a 4-1 win at the Liberty Stadium.

Andre Ayew -- with his first Hammers goal following his £20.5 million move from Swansea in August -- Winston Reid, Michail Antonio and Andy Carroll helped the Londoners claim a third successive win for the first time since March.

Fernando Llorente, on as a substitute, claimed a Swansea consolation two minutes from time with his fifth goal in six games, but even then Carroll had the final word.

The victory takes West Ham towards mid-table but these are dark times for Swansea and their American manager, who might not welcome 2017 in a job he was only appointed to in October.

Bradley admitted that his fate might rest on home games against West Ham and Bournemouth, on New Year's Eve, but the Swansea fans had clearly made their minds up when Reid headed home four minutes into the second half.

"We want Bradley out," reverberated around the Liberty Stadium as Swansea were consigned to the seventh defeat of the American's 11-game reign.

Supporters also turned their anger on chairman Huw Jenkins, who had used his programme notes to defend the club's summer takeover.

But, in the absence of their American owners, Swansea lost for the 12th time this season and are now four points from safety having conceded 28 goals under Bradley.

Swansea had the first chance when Jack Cork's tenacity gave Borja Baston a glimpse of goal, which he chose to take rather than slip in the fast-supporting Gylfi Sigurdsson.

The ball drifted well wide and Borja must have regretted his choice when West Ham claimed the lead a minute later.

Carroll always enjoys seeing Swansea, having scored five goals and had three assists in his previous eight appearances against the Welsh club.

And the England striker claimed another assist when he pulled on to Angel Rangel in the right-back position and diverted Mark Noble's centre across goal.

Cheikhou Kouyate's presence bewitched Lukasz Fabianski at the near post as the goalkeeper fumbled the ball into the path of Andre Ayew for the softest of goals.

Ayew almost had another from Dimitri Payet's cross and the anxiety in Swansea ranks was quickly spreading around a stadium with each poor home touch greeted by a chorus of groans.

Payet was allowed to cut inside onto his right foot to force a goal-line stop from Fabianski and it was only a final careless pass which prevented West Ham from doubling their advantage.

Swansea lacked the pace to profit from their own counters but Jay Fulton and Rangel worked space well to create a chance for Sigurdsson.

As if to sum up Swansea's performance, the usually reliable Sigurdsson mishit his attempt so badly it went out for a West Ham throw.

Sigurdsson was more accurate from a 25-yard free-kick, which Darren Randolph pushed around a post, but the goalkeeper waved over a Cork header on the stroke of half-time.

Swansea sent on Llorente and Jefferson Montero to engineer a rescue act, but West Ham scored again within four minutes of the restart.

Payet sent his corner towards the six-yard box and Reid got between Alfie Mawson and Cork to head home his second goal of the season.

Swansea fans instantly vented their frustration at Bradley and Jenkins, but Randolph was called upon to stop Wayne Routledge and Sigurdsson before West Ham sewed up matters.

Fabianski pushed aside Edimilson Fernandes' shot, but Havard Nordtveit followed up to drive the ball back into the area for Antonio to deflect home his eighth goal of the season.

Llorente raised some Swansea cheer from close range, but Carroll smashed home an angled volley moments later.

Manchester City recovered from an early Arsenal goal to produce a dominant second-half display and record a 2-1 win that moves them up to second place in the Premier League table.

Pep Guardiola's side began tentatively at the Etihad Stadium and found themselves behind after only five minutes.

The home defence was carved apart as Hector Bellerin played a ball through to Alexis Sanchez on the edge of the area and Arsenal's man in form found Theo Walcott, who held off a defender and shot low beyond Claudio Bravo from inside the area.

City -- enjoying plenty of early possession but doing little with it -- almost hit back within three minutes when Kevin De Bruyne whipped in a dangerous cross and Raheem Sterling, playing through the middle in the early stages, headed wide.

Arsenal threatened again as Ozil played Sanchez into a crossing position, but his final ball in was just too high for Walcott.

As the game approached the half-hour mark, City were struggling to create clear-cut danger and had yet to muster an attempt on target in front of a subdued crowd.

David Silva was booked for a cynical trip on Francis Coquelin as the Gunners looked to set up another breakaway before Sanchez and Alex Iwobi linked only for Hector Bellerin to blaze over the bar from outside the box.

City flickered into life in the closing stages of the first half, with a low cross by Leroy Sane creating havoc inside the Arsenal area before the ball was put behind and Petr Cech dealt with the corner.

Guardiola made a change at the break, bringing on Bacary Sagna for Pablo Zabaleta -- and within two minutes his side were back on level terms.

David Silva lofted a pass over the top for Sane, who looked as though he could just have just been offside but ran through to place a deft finish beyond Cech.

The goal rocked Arsenal, who were unable to find the same sort of rhythm to their passing as they had in the first half, and as Sterling shifted back out to the right they had to block two crosses in quick succession.

As the match reached the 60 minute mark, Arsenal gave the ball away in midfield and De Bruyne played a pass through to Sane, whose low effort was blocked by Cech for a corner that came to nothing.

David Silva dragged a poorly-struck shot wide of the near post when he had colleagues better placed before Arsene Wenger made a change for Arsenal, taking off Iwobi and bringing on Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain.

But the momentum remained with City and, after 69 minutes, Cech made a sharp save when he dived to tip away a deflected De Bruyne effort that was destined for the bottom corner.

And after 71 minutes the home side got the reward their improvement merited as De Bruyne lofted a superb pass to Sterling on the right and he cut into the area before firing a low finish beyond Cech.

Arsenal reacted by bringing on Olivier Giroud on for Francis Coquelin and City replaced Sane, the scorer of the opening goal, with Jesus Navas before the Gunners brought off substitute Oxlade-Chamberlain, bringing on Mohamed Elneny.

But the Gunners had not registered a shot on target since the goal -- their only effort on target of the game -- and failed to muster any late threat as City and Guardiola notched a crucial home win.

Danny Rose broke Burnley hearts with a second-half winner as Tottenham snatched a 2-1 victory and moved to within a point of the Premier League's top four.

Burnley took a surprise lead at White Hart Lane through Ashley Barnes but Dele Alli pulled the hosts level before Rose's stinging strike clinched a valuable three points for Mauricio Pochettino's men.

Moussa Sissoko, who came off the bench to set up Spurs' winner, had been lucky not to be sent off for a high challenge on Stephen Ward.

The win is Tottenham's fourth in five games in all competitions and means they now sit fifth, only a point behind north London rivals Arsenal. Burnley stay 16th and three points above the bottom three.

Pochettino was forced to make a defensive change from the side that beat Hull on Wednesday, with the club stating Toby Alderweireld was unavailable due to a back problem. It meant Spurs reverted to four at the back as Eric Dier took his place centrally alongside Jan Vertonghen.

Burnley were looking for their first away win of the season having lost six out of seven matches on the road and striker Sam Vokes, who was part of the Clarets' side which lost 1-0 to West Ham in midweek, found himself on the bench in place of Barnes.

Spurs dominated from the outset with four shots in the first 10 minutes and came close to taking the lead when the in-form Christian Eriksen almost connected with Harry Kane's cross.

Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to nine points, for at least a day, with a 1-0 win against Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park as Diego Costa scored his 50th goal for the club.

Costa, who will miss the home game against Bournemouth on Dec. 26 after picking up his fifth booking of the season, made the decisive contribution in the 43rd minute when he headed Chelsea in front.

Eden Hazard and Nemanja Matic returned to the Chelsea starting XI in place of Pedro and Cesc Fabregas, while for Palace Joe Ledley and Jason Puncheon replaced Mathieu Flamini and Lee Chung-Yong.

The teams made a slow start in foggy conditions on a slippery pitch, and Jason Puncheon wasted the first real opportunity of the game when he shot wide from Martin Kelly's low cross on 20 minutes.

Palace's tactic of defending deep and in numbers frustrated Chelsea, but Costa was able to break the deadlock, heading home Cesar Azpilicueta's excellent lofted pass into the box from close range.

Early into the second half Yohan Cabaye drew a diving save from Thibaut Courtois and N'Golo Kante's powerful effort tested Wayne Hennessey in the Palace goal.

Palace carved out several openings aerially, as they tried to bring the best out of Christian Benteke, but Chelsea, and in particular Courtois, stood up to the test well.

Cesc Fabregas, who was introduced in place of Willian, and Kante brought further saves from Hennessey as Chelsea pushed for a second goal and came close to finding it when Marcos Alonso struck the underside of the crossbar with a free kick in the 83rd minute.

Chelsea, who have now won 11 Premier League games in a row, sit nine points clear of Liverpool and Arsenal in second and third place. Palace, meanwhile, are 16th and just three points above the relegation zone.

Mark Noble's penalty left luckless Hull bottom of the Premier League as West Ham stole a 1-0 win.

For the second time in three days Noble stepped up to the spot to secure an unconvincing, but very welcome, victory for the Hammers.

But Hull will wonder how they left the London Stadium empty-handed. They have now not scored away from home for eight-and-a-half hours but will not come much closer after being denied by the woodwork three times and seeing an effort cleared off the line.

West Ham, in contrast, were abject but nevertheless picked up a fifth win of the season, all of which have been by the same scoreline.

In the early stages Hull keeper David Marshall had looked as though he might have to be substituted after pulling up with a groin problem.

But he opted to stay on and West Ham sportingly ensured he did not have to exert himself, with a tame 30-yard Dimitri Payet free-kick their only effort on goal in the first half.

However Hull created a host of presentable chances, the first of which was all West Ham's doing.

Aaron Cresswell's woefully under-hit backpass played Dieumerci Mbokani in one-on-one with Hammers keeper Darren Randolph but his effort clipped the inside of the post and rolled across goal to safety.

Moments later Randolph did well to palm Harry Maguire's powerful header wide, before Sam Clucas fired too high and Mbokani volleyed over.

Randolph then kept out Maguire's shot before the same player threatened again, this time denied by Pedro Obiang's interception which almost rolled into his own net.

The hosts trooped off at half-time to boos from some home fans and no doubt met with an angry boss in Slaven Bilic, who hauled off the ineffective Manuel Lanzini and Obiang at the break.

Andre Ayew and Edimilson Fernandes were the ones sent on to sort out the mess, but somehow things threatened to get even worse with Noble heading Andrew Robertson's cross against his own post.

Robertson then took aim from just inside the area only to see his angled drive crash back off the opposite post.

West Ham threatened when Ayew's header was cleared off the line by Robertson, before a carbon-copy effort at the other end from Maguire was hacked away from under the crossbar by Fernandes.

But in the 76th minute Hull were left crestfallen after Michail Antonio went down in the area under close attention from Tom Huddlestone, and referee Lee Mason pointed to the spot.

Noble had missed his spot-kick against Burnley on Wednesday, only to tuck in the rebound, but he made no mistake this time and West Ham emerged with another three points.

Ten-man Leicester City rallied against the odds to overcome Jamie Vardy's 28th-minute dismissal and a two-goal deficit to draw 2-2 at Stoke City.

Referee Craig Pawson, who only booked Manchester United's Marcos Rojo for a two-footed challenge on Wilfried Zaha on Wednesday, sent off Vardy when he dived in on Mame Diouf but appeared to return to the ground by the time the tackle was made.

Pawson then gave Stoke a penalty that Bojan Krkic converted for handball against Danny Simpson and booked five Foxes players from the 38th minute until half-time, when the Potters were 2-0 ahead thanks to Joe Allen.

However, Claudio Ranieri's side dug deep and goals from Leonardo Ulloa and Daniel Amartey saw them claim just their second point on their travels in the most unlikely of scenarios.

With Pawson's first-half performance prompting such frustration in the Foxes' ranks, the typically placid Ranieri had to be dragged away from the referee by Kasper Schmeichel at the interval, yet when the full-time whistle went, the Italian was back fist pumping in front of the travelling support.

Prior to Vardy's dismissal, an entertaining, open game had been staged, with the returning Schmeichel saving brilliantly with his foot from Jonathan Walters' six-yard effort and Stoke keeper Lee Grant making three stops at the other end.

With Andy King's crucial block also preventing Bojan from opening the scoring, it looked like the first goal would prove pivotal. As it was, it was Vardy's 28th-minute red card that set the tone.

The England striker was chasing back to make a tackle alongside Glen Johnson and, with the full-back leaning into him, Vardy left the ground to lunge into a challenge on Diouf, though he had returned to the turf by the time he slid in.

Referee Pawson, who had been criticised for his decision only to book Rojo on Wednesday, immediately showed a red card.

The visitors felt hard done by and their frustration only grew when Pawson awarded a penalty as Bojan's cross struck Simpson's arm, which was in an unnatural position bent above his head.

The protests fell on deaf ears as Bojan, who missed the last penalty he took here against Bournemouth, stepped up and sent Schmeichel the wrong way.

Having fallen behind, the visitors then completely unravelled, with Simpson's caution in that incident the first of five in quick succession.

King was cautioned for a rash challenge, Islam Slimani and Christian Fuchs were both booked for dissent and Marc Albrighton's name was taken for a foul on Glen Johnson on the edge of the box.

From that free-kick, Johnson went short to Giannelli Imbula, whose shot hit the post and came back off Schmeichel's back, with Allen all alone to finish into the unguarded net to make it 2-0 before the break.

Such was Leicester's anger at Pawson's performance, the normally mild-mannered Ranieri had to be dragged away from the official by Schmeichel and he was still venting his fury near the tunnel, where the visiting support also ranted in the referee's direction.

Any chance of Pawson not taking centre stage upon the resumption was dashed as he delayed his return to the pitch and then booked Huth within three second-half minutes, ensuring the German, Fuchs and Vardy will all be suspended on Boxing Day against Everton.

However, with everything seeming to go against them, Leicester fought back and reduced the deficit 16 minutes from time through substitute Ulloa, whose header from Demarai Gray's cross went over the line before Ryan Shawcross could hook clear.

And with the hosts unable to quell the Leicester spirit, Amartey headed in an equaliser from Fuchs' cross in the 88th minute in a resolute performance befitting of the current champions.

Striker Daniel Sturridge came off the bench to play a pivotal part in Liverpool snatching a winner in the fifth minute of added time of the 227th Merseyside derby.

The England international, making his first appearance since November 19, was a late introduction off the bench and it was his crossfield run and shot against a post which presented Sadio Mane with a tap in.

Sturridge has been sidelined with a calf injury, but having been included in the match-day squad for the first time he proved his match-winning capabilities again with the incisiveness which had been so lacking for long periods.

It ensured Liverpool closed the gap to Premier League leaders Chelsea back to six points and also extended Everton's woeful run in this encounter to just one win in the last 20 league meetings.

The hosts were by far the better side for 45 minutes, but for all their possession and control lacked a cutting edge.

An out-of-sorts Liverpool found their game after the break, but it seemed they too would be frustrated until Sturridge and Mane's late intervention deep into eight minutes of added time, mainly as a result of an injury to Everton goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenburg.

The Toffees began as they had finished against Arsenal, all high-tempo and aggression, and took control of the game against a side who are usually the ones doing the pressing.

Manchester United moved level on points with fifth-placed Tottenham Hotspur, for 24 hours at least, after beating West Bromwich Albion 2-0 at The Hawthorns.

The victory, which came courtesy of two goals from Zlatan Ibrahimovic, extended United's unbeaten run in the Premier League to eight games, dating back to the 4-0 reverse against Chelsea on Oct. 23.

United made the perfect start when Paul Pogba switched play from left to right after receiving the ball from a Wayne Rooney throw-in. Antonio Valencia's touch was instant and he launched a long ball down the flank after spotting the run of Jesse Lingard, who barely had to break stride before hitting a first-time cross on the half volley into the penalty area where Ibrahimovic was arriving to head home.

West Brom soon showed they could play a little too and a flowing move culminated in Craig Dawson and Chris Brunt combining well down the left to earn a corner. Brunt's kick was met at the near post by Jonas Olsson but his glancing header spun dangerously across the six-yard box and out on the other side without anyone getting a decisive touch to the ball.

Rooney came within a whisker of doubling United's lead midway through the first half with a powerful effort from the edge of the box but Ben Foster got a vital touch to the ball and it crashed against the crossbar.

Ibrahimovic incensed the home crowd shortly afterwards when he floored Dawson in a late aerial challenge. The home crowd were baying for a red card but replays showed the contact was made with the shoulder area rather than an elbow and referee Anthony Taylor was right to issue only a yellow.

There were opportunities at both ends before half-time as Salomon Rondon glanced a header wide from a Matt Phillips cross before Lingard had a great chance to make it 2-0 but blazed the ball over the crossbar.

United did double their lead 10 minutes into the second half and it was Ibrahimovic again, who cut inside Gareth McAuley on the left side of the penalty area before unleashing a right-footed shot which deflected off Dawson en route to finding the far bottom corner of the net.

A tame second half threatened to get lively after 65 minutes when Rondon and Marcos Rojo clashed. The South Americans exchanged words after a heavy challenge from the West Brom striker, who could then count himself fortunate not to be sent off after first pushing Rojo in the chest and then slapping the United defender across the face.

United threatened a third goal late on but Pogba sent a shot over the crossbar and then saw a later goalbound effort blocked.

Jay Rodriguez's brace fired Southampton to their first away victory in the Premier League since September in a convincing 3-1 win at Bournemouth.

The 27-year-old's fine double backed up a smart Ryan Bertrand strike as Saints rallied from Nathan Ake's opener to steal the south coast bragging rights.

Rodriguez rejected a loan move when boss Claude Puel joined Saints in the summer, and finally looks to be over the serious knee and foot injuries that have dogged his last two years.

A first league win on the road in six matches had Saints manager Puel feeling vindicated for leaving Jose Fonte on the bench.

Unsettled Portugal defender Fonte was seen deep in animated conversation with Saints manager Puel on the Dean Court turf shortly before the teams were announced.

Fonte has previously voiced his displeasure with Puel's rotation policy that has denied the 32-year-old any Europa League action - and also kept him out of the fray at Dean Court.

Saints' refusal to extend Euro 2016 winner Fonte's contract beyond its remaining 18 months has put a host of suitors on alert ahead of the January transfer window.

Apparent public disagreements like the pre-match discussions between Fonte and Puel here will only further stoke the fires around a mid-season transfer for the highly-regarded centre back.

Southampton's win will doubtless have left the club's French manager confident he made the right call in sticking to his rotation guns.

The Saints suffocated Bournemouth's midfield play, denying the hosts the chance to build their usual keep-ball pressure.

And, once Rodriguez found his range, Bournemouth had precious few answers.

Ake's fine diving header handed Bournemouth the ideal start, the Chelsea loan star sneaking round the unwitting Pierre Hojbjerg to nod past Fraser Forster.

Wilshere's pinpoint cross challenged Ake to pull out all the stops with his aerial challenge, and the versatile defender duly delivered.

Joshua King should have doubled the Cherries' lead when Adam Smith robbed Sofiane Boufal, but the ex-Blackburn forward wasted the hard-won opening.

Suddenly Saints claimed parity, thanks to Bertrand's solo strike.

The England full-back cut inside Adam Smith, then outside Simon Francis before prodding across and past Artur Boruc.

Nathan Redmond spurned another fine opening for Saints, scuffing wide from Bertrand's low cut-back.

Bournemouth's unusually errant passing stemmed any further openings for the remainder of a half and Saints were more than happy to turn around level at 1-1.

Puel's men wasted no time in stealing the lead after the break either, substitute Davis' one-two with Boufal splitting the home defence.

Davis left Boruc stranded with his neat chip, allowing the onrushing Rodriguez to slide home.

The lead emboldened Saints still further, with Boruc forced to bat away Rodriguez's close-range effort and Ake clearing off the line from Hojbjerg.

And when Rodriguez thumped home the third with a 20-yard volley, Southampton's victory was complete.

Alvaro Negredo heaped more pressure on Swansea boss Bob Bradley with two first-half goals as Middlesbrough coasted to a 3-0 win over their relegation rivals at the Riverside Stadium.

Negredo's early brace and a 58th minute effort from Marten de Roon sunk the below-par Swans and suggested it will take a Christmas miracle to lift them out of the increasingly precarious position in the Premier League's bottom three.

Bradley's men were second best throughout, giving Negredo space in the box to swing home an 18th minute opener before Jordi Amat tripped Adam Forshaw to set up Negredo's second from the spot.

Bustling Boro got the third they deserved just before the hour mark when Marten de Roon converted a cross from Negredo and they could have made it four late on when the returning George Friend roved forward only to fire high and wide.

Bradley's men had looked lively in the opening moments, Modou Barrow having a cross cut out by Ben Gibson then Gylfi Sigurdsson stinging the hands of Boro keeper Victor Valdes from long-range.

But the hosts soon settled and Negredo had his first chance in the 10th minute when his shot across the face of goal was well deflected by Swans goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski with Adam Forshaw lurking.

The early departure of Viktor Fischer with an apparent knee problem did nothing to quell Boro's momentum, and Negredo grabbed his fine opener on 18 minutes when he finished off a swift counter-attack by swinging home from Adam Clayton's cross.

The returning Ramirez almost made it two in the 23rd minute when he fired a free-kick inches over the bar after being fouled by Angel Rangel in a dangerous central position.

Boro increased their lead just before the half-hour when Jordi Amat, who had arguably been responsible for losing Negredo for the opener, clipped Forshaw in the box leading referee Neil Swarbrick to point to the spot.

Negredo made no mistake, deceiving Fabianski and placing a low shot to the keeper's left to ensure the home side ended the first period well in command.

For all their urgency, Swansea were still far too wayward with their attacking intent in the opening minutes of the second half, and Downing had the best chance for Boro when he drilled a long-ranger straight at Fabianski.

Taking advantage of alarming gaps in the Swansea rearguard, Boro increased their lead in the 58th minute with the simplest of goals, Ramirez crossing from the right for the unmarked de Roon to knock home from close range.

Despite their chance having surely gone, Swansea belatedly pressed with Sigurdsson firing over the bar and a strong effort from substitute Leroy Fer blocked in a crowded box.

Friend missed the target after Fabio launched a swift counter-attack while Swansea's hopes of a consolation were dashed when Valdes saved well from Fernando Llorente late on.

Patrick van Aanholt ensured Sunderland will not spend Christmas at the bottom of the Premier League when he fired them to victory over Watford.

The Dutchman tucked home what proved to be a 49th-minute winner, his third goal of the season, to secure three precious points at the Stadium of Light.

After an indifferent first half, Black Cats boss David Moyes, who this week learned he will have little or no cash to spend during the January transfer window, saw his team finally get going to secure a fourth league win in seven games.

In a poor first 45 minutes, Sunderland rarely looked like putting the visitors under the kind of pressure which had done for Hull and Leicester in their most recent home victories.

Where Troy Deeney and Odion Ighalo were a constant threat for the visitors, Jermain Defoe was fatally isolated for long periods at the pinnacle of a 4-2-3-1 formation, and it was Watford who created the clearer openings before the break.

Keeper Jordan Pickford has been in excellent form for the Black Cats in recent weeks, and he had to be at his best once again when Nordin Amrabat unleashed a fierce volley from Etienne Capoue's second-minute corner.

Ighalo might have opened the scoring from Jose Holebas' driven 15th-minute cross, but could not make meaningful contact at the near post, and defender Miguel Britos was left with his head in his hands after failing to hit the target from another Holebas cross 11 minutes later.

Sebastian Prodl did call upon Pickford on the half-hour, but his header was straight at the keeper, and it took a fine covering tackle from Didier Ndong to prevent Juan Zuniga from converting Ighalo's cross two minutes later.

Sunderland manufactured little of note until late in the half when Victor Anichebe played in Van Aanholt and his shot from a tight angle was repelled by keeper Heurelho Gomes.

But Gomes was left helpless within four minutes of the restart when Adnan Januzaj picked out Defoe's run and the striker crossed for the supporting Van Aanholt to turn Kabasele and fire home off the inside of the far post.

Defoe himself shot over from distance two minutes later with the Black Cats visibly growing in confidence, but they slept to allow Capoue and Amrabat to combine from a 59th-minute corner once again, although this time the latter's shot flew high over.

However, Anichebe, back in the side after a thigh injury, came within inches of a second goal when he drilled a 62nd-minute effort just wide after Donald Love had crossed from Januzaj's cheeky back-heeled pass.

Deeney passed up an opportunity to finally complete a century of goals for the Hornets with a 73rd-minuite diving header, but it took a double-save from Pickford to prevent substitute Daryl Janmaat and then Ighalo from snatching a late equaliser.

Christian Eriksen laid on an attacking masterclass by scoring twice and setting up another as Tottenham cruised to a 3-0 victory over struggling Hull.

Eriksen was deployed in a deeper central midfield role at White Hart Lane and he could have completed his hat-trick in the second half had Hull goalkeeper David Marshall not pushed his bending free-kick onto the post.

Victor Wanyama, however, was on hand to slam home the rebound as Spurs secured their fourth win in 14 matches.

While Mauricio Pochettino's men stay fifth in the table, Hull sit 19th and have now equalled the club's top-flight record of six consecutive away defeats.

For all Tottenham's difficulties in recent weeks, they now have four more points than at this stage last year and will be looking to capitalise on upcoming fixtures against Burnley, Southampton and Watford.

Pochettino has juggled his shape several times this season as he searches for the right blend but this was only the second time in the current campaign he has started with three at the back.

With Mousa Dembele out nursing a foot injury, Eric Dier and Wanyama were perhaps considered too cautious a pairing for a home game against Hull, so instead the more creative Eriksen dropped back and made up a 3-4-2-1.

Eriksen clearly thrived on the extra responsibility but it remains to be seen whether Pochettino feels he can play there against tougher opposition.

The idea was presumably also to give Kyle Walker and Danny Rose, effectively playing here as wingers, more licence to attack and in the 14th minute it paid off, the latter a key component in Tottenham's opening goal.

Jan Vertonghen's chipped ball forward found Rose deep inside the penalty area and he capitalised on some feeble defending from Ahmed Elmohamady to tee up Eriksen, who smashed home his fourth goal in as many league games.

Stoke dug deep and rode their luck as toothless Southampton somehow failed to capitalise on Marko Arnautovic's early sending off in this one-side goalless draw.

Mark Hughes' 400th match as a Premier League manager looked set to end in disappointment when referee Anthony Taylor handed out a straight red card in the 23rd minute.

However, Arnautovic's early departure did not cost Stoke against a Southampton side devoid of a killer instinct, with last-ditch defending, fine goalkeeping from Lee Grant and poor finishing seeing the match end 0-0.

Saints were on top before Arnautovic's red card for a challenge on Sofiane Boufal, but top scorer Charlie Austin's absence was glaring at the bet365 Stadium - a worrying sign given the striker could be out for four months.

Anger at the sending off grew after Shane Long appeared to elbow Bruno Martins Indi off the ball without punishment in a tempestuous clash.

Southampton peppered Stoke's goal throughout the second half yet were unable to eke a winner, with substitute Jay Rodriguez somehow failing to turn home a Boufal cross.

Claude Puel's men will kick themselves for failing to follow up Sunday's narrow win against Middlesbrough having dominated from the outset without reward.

The energy of Boufal and Long caused an early headache at the bet365 Stadium, with each forward getting away chances in the opening exchanges.

Pablo Zabaleta's first goal for two years and a late David Silva strike fired Manchester City to a much-needed -- but unconvincing -- 2-0 win over Watford.

Defender Zabaleta struck from close range after 33 minutes of a dull Premier League contest at the Etihad Stadium with Silva wrapping up victory four minutes from time.

Raheem Sterling also hit the bar but City lacked spark throughout and Silva's goal came just moments after Odion Ighalo spurned a good chance to equalise.

But after a disappointing run, the result earned City some relief. It was their first win in four games and their first at home in the league for almost three months.

Their clean sheet -- a first in nine games -- was also welcomed and came after manager Pep Guardiola left defender John Stones on the bench.

Additionally, City did not have to deal with Watford's dangerman Troy Deeney until the latter stages as Walter Mazzarri appeared to prioritise the weekend game at Sunderland.

City started positively enough and Kevin De Bruyne brought a good save from Heurelho Gomes before Nolito, given the chance up front in the continued absence of the suspended Sergio Aguero, headed over.

But aside from those early flourishes, the opening half was a largely sluggish affair with City dominating possession but creating few chances.

Nolito sliced a half-chance well wide and Yaya Toure drove another effort over but quality was generally lacking.

That changed just after the half hour as De Bruyne produced some nice touches on the left and then delivered a deep cross for the inrushing Zabaleta to turn home at the back post.

City might have then looked to move through the gears but their momentum was halted by an injury to Ilkay Gundogan. The midfielder appeared to twist his knee in a tackle and, despite a determined effort, was unable to run off the knock. The German, who missed the start of the season with a dislocated kneecap, left the field visibly upset just before the interval.

By this time, Watford had also been forced into a change with Roberto Pereyra having hurt himself landing awkwardly and limped off moments later.

Sterling attempted to liven up the City attack in the second half. The England forward made a couple of penetrative runs, including one that ended with a shot that clipped the bar.

Sterling also won a free kick on the right edge of the box but City were unable to take advantage in what remained a laboured performance.

With City unable to kill off the game Watford retained a glimmer of hope and they sent on Deeney for the closing 18 minutes. The Hornets almost stole an equaliser when City failed to clear a set-piece but Claudio Bravo managed to beat away Etienne Capoue's shot.

They had an even better chance 10 minutes from time when Nordin Amrabat whipped in a superb cross from the left but Ighalo side-footed over.

City finally wrapped up the points late on after Silva robbed Adlene Guedioura and released Sterling before taking a return pass and clipping home.

Ashley Williams scored a late winner for Everton as they came from behind to win 2-1 and inflict a first Premier League defeat on Arsenal since the opening day of the season.

Alexis Sanchez had fired the Gunners into a 1-0 lead with his 12th league goal of the campaign early on but Everton bagged an equaliser through Seamus Coleman before half-time, with Williams then completing the turnaround with an 86th minute header.

Arsene Wenger's side missed out on the chance to move top of the table with the result, with Everton moving two places up to seventh and securing a first victory in six games.

Arsenal created the first chance of the game inside the seventh minute, with Nacho Monreal pulling the ball back to Mesut Ozil in the middle, but the German could only send his effort over the bar.

The Gunners, however, found the breakthrough after 20 minutes as Sanchez's free kick took a wicked deflection off Ashley Williams, leaving Maarten Stekelenburg unable to keep the ball from flying across the line.

A subdued Everton had struggled in the final third up until the half-hour mark, with Arsenal looking comfortable, when they created their first real opportunity as Enner Valencia headed Ross Barkley's corner over.

Buoyed by that chance, and with the Goodison Park crowd now behind them, the Toffees continued to threaten with Aaron Lennon driving into box but firing high and wide, before Romelu Lukaku then sent a strike over a few minutes later.

Everton were managing to disrupt Arsenal's early rhythm and Lennon again came close for the hosts on 39 minutes, this time striking wide from a good position after Monreal had failed to clear a set piece.

Zlatan Ibrahimovic struck a late winner as Manchester United secured victory at Crystal Palace after once again threatening to drop points from a winning position.

United had surrendered a lead in three of their previous four Premier League games and it looked set to go that way once again as James McArthur cancelled out Paul Pogba's controversial opener.

But Ibrahimovic was on hand to finish brilliantly from Pogba's through-ball with just two minutes remaining to seal a hard-fought 2-1 win for the visitors.

Jose Mourinho brought his United side here a year to the day since his last game in charge of his second spell at Chelsea and the Portuguese seems to have now found his feet at Old Trafford.

United have not lost in the league since Mourinho's ill-fated return to face Chelsea and, coupling this win with Sunday's victory over Tottenham, they have finally found a way to win games.

Palace managed to negate United's attacking threat in the early stages at the expense of creating anything of their own to worry David De Gea in the visitors' goal.

Referee Craig Pawson was not endearing himself to the home fans after a string of decisions they felt went against their side culminated in Marcos Rojo only being booked for a two-footed challenge on former Red Devil Wilfried Zaha.

Wayne Hennessey made a smart stop to deny Wayne Rooney as the game headed towards half-time, palming the United skipper's close-range effort and he was on hand again soon after to keep out Pogba's fiercely struck volley.

But Mourinho's men would go in at half-time ahead courtesy of a controversial Pogba goal.

Salomon Rondon's quickfire hat trick maintained West Brom's unlikely European charge as he inspired the Baggies to a 3-1 win over Swansea.

The striker netted his first-ever treble for Albion in 13 second-half minutes as the hosts rose to seventh in the Premier League.

Three headers sunk Swansea and Tony Pulis' side have now won four of their last six games and, although the West Brom boss refuses to discuss Europe, it remains a growing possibility.

In contrast, defeat left Bob Bradley's Swansea three points from safety and fellow strugglers Middlesbrough, who they travel to on Saturday.

They have just one point from their last seven league away games despite Wayne Routledge's late consolation.

There was little to hint at Rondon's goal rush during a dour first half which took an age to ignite even if Swansea almost fell behind after 16 minutes when Matt Phillips fired wide.

It was the only real chance during a poor opening where the visitors tried to play expansively but were constantly let down by their final ball.

Albion, who have now scored 10 goals in their last three home games, looked to Nacer Chadli for inspiration but often came up short as the Swans had the bulk of possession, even if they failed to do anything with it.

Bradley's side were comfortable and dictated the play but needed to be saved by Lukasz Fabianski nine minutes before the break.

The rampaging Allan Nyom and Chadli combined to send Rondon clear but, with just Fabianski to beat, he shot too close to the goalkeeper.

Three minutes later Chris Brunt almost turned Jefferson Montero's cross into his own net as Swansea finally provided some ammunition.

The game had finally come to life and Rondon missed another fine chance a minute before the break.

Jordi Amat was caught in possession by James Morrison and he sent Rondon through but Amat saved his own blushes with a fine goal-saving tackle on the Venezuelan.

The chances came and went in a fashion in keeping with the game -- scrappy and miscued -- but Rondon made up for his misses by completing a 13-minute treble.

First, after 50 minutes, Chadli was fouled just outside the area and Phillips delivered a teasing free kick for Rondon to power in a header from six yards.

The 27-year-old doubled Albion's lead to make the game safe on 61 minutes when he converted another close-range header from Brunt's cross.

And, just two minutes later, he grabbed a third with another header which looped over Fabianski from 10 yards.

It was game over but Routledge netted a consolation when he fired in with 12 minutes left after Ben Foster saved from Borja Baston.

Foster then prevented a Gareth McAuley own goal with a fine one-handed stop in injury time.

Mark Noble fired West Ham to a nervy but crucial 1-0 win over Burnley on Wednesday night.

The Hammers desperately needed three points following a run of six games without a win, and had targeted two home matches against the Clarets and Hull to kickstart their sorry season.

And skipper Noble grabbed the winner in first-half stoppage time with a goal that summed up an unconvincing display, scoring from the rebound after his penalty was saved by Tom Heaton.

Under-pressure boss Slaven Bilic was also grateful to a shocking miss from Burnley striker Sam Vokes and a superb save from Darren Randolph to secure a vital victory.

Burnley could count themselves unfortunate but their dismal away form -- they have picked up only a solitary point on the road this season -- continued as did their rotten run in London, where they have still never won a Premier League match.

The Clarets sat back in the early stages and let West Ham attack them, which they did, but not with any particular menace.

Cesc Fabregas' first Premier League goal of the season handed Chelsea victory at Sunderland and sent them six points clear at the top of the table.

Fabregas, making just his third league start of the season, struck in stylish fashion five minutes before the break to secure a second 1-0 win inside four days and their 10th success on the trot, although it took a superb stoppage-time save by Thibaut Courtois to deny Patrick van Aanholt a last-gasp equaliser.

Antonio Conte's men dominated for long periods in front of a crowd of 41,008 at the Stadium of Light, but could not kill off their hosts, who remain rooted at the bottom of the pile despite a spirited display.

Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe carried five-year-old mascot Bradley Lowery, whose fight against Neuroblastoma has captured the hearts of players, supporters and officials from clubs around the country, on to the pitch ahead of kickoff.

But as he and his teammates got down to business, they attempted to counter Chelsea's 3-4-3 formation by asking Billy Jones and Van Aanholt to operate slightly in advance of Lamine Kone, John O'Shea and Papy Djilobodji, with Jan Kirchhoff and Jason Denayer providing a further layer of protection in midfield.

Perhaps unsurprisingly, the leaders struggled to break their hosts down despite enjoying a wealth of possession with Fabregas orchestrating from deep, and the opening 39 minutes passed largely without incident as the Black Cats soaked up pressure with little real difficulty.

Marc Pugh capped his first start of the season with a smart strike as Bournemouth outclassed Leicester 1-0 on the south coast.

The Cherries moved up to eighth in the Premier League after inflicting Leicester's eighth defeat in 16 matches of their title defence.

Eddie Howe's men repeatedly carved a chasm between Riyad Mahrez and Christian Fuchs on Leicester's left, and that proved sufficient for victory.

The Bournemouth boss grabbed full dividend from the calculated gamble to deploy full-back Adam Smith in midfield, Nathan Ake at centre back and Jack Wilshere in a deeper role.

Captain Simon Francis' link play with Smith regularly bisected Leicester's slow-reacting defence, culminating in Pugh volleying home the stylish winner.

Leicester were left to rue another miserable performance, and a chance to build momentum well and truly wasted.

Saturday's 4-2 win over Pep Guardiola's Manchester City was meant to light up Leicester's season, but has instead proved merely another false start.

Howe's tactical acumen compromised Leicester's defensive stability for Pugh's finely-worked winning goal.

The hosts spent every waking first-half moment exploiting a perceived weakness in Leicester's inside-right channel.

Claudio Ranieri's men flatly ignored several warnings, before the Cherries' analysis-room ploy bore fruit.

Francis sent Adam Smith into that exposed right channel, and the newly-minted midfield man delivered an expert cross.

Benik Afobe met Smith's cutback on the run, drawing a smart save from Ron-Robert Zieler at the near post.

The Leicester keeper could only parry however, teeing up a tough chance for Pugh.

The grafting midfielder produced a fine technical finish however, holding his shape well in staying over the top of the ball when volleying home.

Bournemouth fully merited their 1-0 half-time lead, their goal capping clear dominance.

Just when the home faithful feared the Cherries would turn around empty-handed, Pugh struck.

Harry Arter's fury at receiving no free kick when running 40 yards with Robert Huth climbing all over his back fired up Bournemouth as much as the crowd.

Leicester had no answers to Howe's men before the break, with Vardy shut down by Steve Cook when fighting to round Artur Boruc.

Islam Slimani swung his left boot at fresh air from Marc Albrighton's teasing cross, but Leicester could point to little else of note in the first half.

Smith fired over from a promising station in that well-worn right channel after the interval.

Bournemouth impressed in the early stages, but ran out of steam on the hour.

A clutch of miscued passes, including two from goalkeeper Boruc, handed Leicester a territorial foothold.

Callum Wilson replaced Afobe in a bid to add impetus to the hosts, but Leicester still pressed their claims.

Huth headed wide from a corner when unmarked at the far post, then Shinji Okazaki proved equally wayward with a 20-yard dip.

Ranieri pitched Leonardo Ulloa into a three-man attack at the expense of withdrawing defender Huth in the closing stages, so desperate was the Italian to snatch any kind of result.

Cook blocked first from Mahrez then too from Okazaki, the second intervention proving crucial with the Leicester striker through on goal.

Bournemouth's defending became ever more frantic as the match inched to a close, with Boruc saving from Ulloa at close range.

Both teams reaped their just rewards however, with Howe's Bournemouth again proving their Premier League mettle.

Jurgen Klopp's decision to drop goalkeeper Loris Karius was vindicated on a night when the brilliance of Adam Lallana swept Liverpool to a 3-0 win over Middlesbrough at the Riverside Stadium.

Klopp replaced Karius -- responsible for errors in recent games against Bournemouth and West Ham -- with Simon Mignolet and the Belgian responded with a brilliant one-handed save to deny Viktor Fischer moments after his side's opener.

Otherwise Mignolet saw little action as Liverpool mightily impressed, building on Lallana's close-range opener on the half hour to dominate the second period and increase their lead through Divock Origi then Lallana's second.

It was precisely the kind of reaction Klopp had called for after their calamitous final few minutes against the Cherries was followed by a frustrating 2-2 draw against the Hammers, which left them looking anything but title contenders.

Those recent dropped points ensured Liverpool started the game six points behind leaders Chelsea but they began with plenty of intent, Lallana fizzing an early shot from long range which was blocked by Calum Chambers.

But Boro matched them for pace and endeavour with Fabio marking one of the better halves of his Boro career by drifting in from the left and firing a shot straight at Mignolet from the edge of the box.

Mignolet was called into action again midway through the first period when Boro captain Ben Gibson headed the ball into his arms from Adam Forshaw's left-wing free kick.

Turf Moor claimed its fifth victims of the season as goals from Jeff Hendrick, Stephen Ward and George Boyd gave Burnley a home win over battling Bournemouth.

The Clarets deserved their win, with Hendrick's sumptuous dipping volley the pick of the goals, and have now taken 16 of their 17 points on home ground.

Benik Afobe had made it 2-1 in first-half injury time and Bournemouth briefly threatened to mimic their late comeback against Liverpool last week when Charlie Daniels finished brilliantly in the 90th minute, only to fall short.

The match marked a the first ever Premier League contest between the sides. For entertainment value alone, the next instalment has plenty to live up to.

Bournemouth rewarded Afobe and Ryan Fraser for their goals in last week's thrilling win with starting places, with Jack Wilshere rested as Howe went 4-4-2.

Burnley had England international Tom Heaton back in goal after two games out, with Steven Defour returning in midfield and Sam Vokes replacing Andre Gray up front.

The first 10 minutes were bright and open, Nathan Ake's back pass putting Artur Boruc under pressure at one end while Afobe's shot brought Heaton into action at the other.

The game, seemingly, was anybody's -- but by the 17th minute Burnley had raced into a 2-0 lead.

Hendrick's glorious finish made it 1-0 after Heaton pumped the ball upfield and Matt Lowton picked out the Irishman.

The club's record £10.5 million signing took two deft touches to control the ball, spotted Boruc off his line and lifted his volley crisply into the top corner.

Fraizer Campbell returned to haunt Hull City as he scored a late equaliser to earn Crystal Palace a 3-3 draw at the KCOM Stadium.

Hull had appeared set to move out of the bottom three as goals from Adama Diomande and Jake Livermore overturned Palace's 2-1 lead.

But Campbell, who once helped Hull to promotion but turned down a return to the club, had the last laugh with his 89th-minute equaliser.

A controversial Robert Snodgrass penalty had given Hull the lead in a quiet first half but the game exploded to life in the second period as both teams deployed three-man defences.

Christian Benteke levelled from the spot before the excellent Wilfried Zaha's stunning strike put Palace ahead.

Mike Phelan switched to a three-man defence from the start and saw his side enjoy the better of the first half.

Andrew Robertson, who got forward well down the left in his new wing-back role. His clever run was spotted by Tom Huddlestone early on, but his shot was blocked before Livermore blazed over.

None of Hull's defenders were able to stop a surging run from Zaha in the fifth minute, but the winger was denied a spectacular goal by a fine save from David Marshall down to his right.

Diomande should have opened the scoring in the 17th minute when Livermore's clever pass released the striker but he fired straight at the onrushing Hennessey.

Hull did take the lead 10 minutes later in controversial circumstances. Again, it started with Robertson causing problems down the left, and his cross found Snodgrass who took a tumble in the area under Scott Dann's challenge despite minimal contact.

Referee Mike Jones pointed to the spot and Snodgrass stepped up to score his fifth league goal of the campaign.

Alan Pardew responded to Hull's first-half dominance by also switching to a back three in the second half, with Zeki Fryers coming on for the ineffective Andros Townsend.

And seven minutes after the interval Palace were level when a clumsy Snodgrass challenge brought down Zaha and Benteke stepped up to level the scores.

Zaha then produced the standout moment of quality to put Palace ahead in the 70th minute. He collected the ball on the edge of the area, turned both Sam Clucas and Huddlestone and let rip with an unstoppable drive into the roof of Marshall's goal.

But Palace's celebrations were cut short just two minutes later when Diomande received Maguire's pass, turned past his marker and slotted into the net.

Diomande nearly put Hull back in the lead soon afterwards, but after he was picked out by Ahmed Elmohamady his goalbound shot was blocked by Martin Kelly.

But Palace did not heed the warning and, with 13 minutes remaining, Livermore strode into the penalty area and slotted into the bottom corner.

It appeared to be the winner -- but Campbell had other ideas.

Stefano Okaka scored his first goals for Watford as Everton's miserable run continued with a 3-2 defeat at Vicarage Road.

The Italian striker, a bit-part player since joining from Anderlecht in the summer, conjured up a cheeky back-heel to cancel out Romelu Lukaku's opener for the visitors.

Sebastian Prodl then headed Watford ahead and Okaka, whose previous Premier League goals came during a loan spell with Fulham six years ago, made it three before Lukaku pulled a late one back.

After their bright start to the season, Ronald Koeman's Everton have now won just once in 11 and saw their opponents, who had lost their last two, climb above them in the table.

Yet it all appeared to be going to plan for Koeman when, having weathered some early Watford pressure, they took the lead with little fuss in the 17th minute.

Gareth Barry floated the ball over Miguel Britos to the lurking Lukaku, who expertly brought the ball down before tucking it past Heurelho Gomes for his eighth goal of the season, and his first in five matches.

The Belgium striker dedicated the strike to Yannick Bolasie, holding his fingers up to signify his stricken team-mate's shirt number 14 after the winger was ruled out for the campaign through injury.

Watford found their equaliser 10 minutes before half-time after Okaka swept the ball out to Nordin Amrabat. Not for the first time, Amrabat had the measure of Ramiro Funes Mori before whipping in a low cross which Okaka, having escaped the attention of Ashley Williams, met with a stylish back-heel at the near post.

Troy Deeney, stuck on 99 goals for Watford for the last two and a half months, had a chance to raise his bat before the break when Adlene Guedioura stood a cross up to the back post. But, with the landmark perhaps weighing on his mind, the Hornets skipper skewed an unconvincing volley wide.

Nevertheless, Watford took the lead on the hour when, moments after he had planted a header over, Prodl nodded in a free-kick from Jose Holebas.

With Everton wobbling at the back, Watford were denied a third when Maarten Stekelenburg produced a stunning save to keep out a Britos header.

But from the corner Okaka nodded in Holebas' cross at the near post, with Leighton Baines unable to keep the ball out.

Deeney followed up in the hope that he had finally reached three figures, but replays showed Okaka's header had crossed the line.

Lukaku pulled one back with a header from Aaron Lennon's cross with five minutes remaining, but, despite a late rally, there was no way back for Everton.

Jamie Vardy scored a hat trick as Leicester City put their recent poor form behind them with a 4-2 win over Manchester City at the King Power Stadium.

The Foxes tore into their visitors from the start and were two goals to the good after only five minutes.

After three minutes, Riyad Mahrez laid the ball off to Islam Slimani, who slipped a pass between two defenders for Vardy to run on and bury an emphatic finish for his first Leicester goal in two months.

Manchester City looked uncertain in teeming rain in the Midlands, with Premier League champions Leicester rediscovering their missing intensity.

With five minutes gone the visitors were two goals adrift as Slimani laid the ball back to Danny Drinkwater just outside the area and his curling finish beat Claudio Bravo.

It looked as though Bravo should have done better, and the City keeper soon had something else to think about as Mahrez almost jinked his way into a shooting position to add a third.

Pep Guardiola -- without the suspended Sergio Aguero and Fernandino -- had brought in Fernando and Kelechi Iheanacho, with Pablo Zabaleta and Bakary Sagna replacing Nicolas Otamendi and Leroy Sane.

His changed team were offering nothing in attack and could have found themselves three behind after 12 minutes when Slimani lifted an angled effort over the top.

But it was 3-0 to the champions with only 20 minutes gone when another long ball forward unhinged City and a sublime Mahrez touch put Vardy through to round the keeper and slide home his second.

Bravo's save after 23 minutes denied Mahrez the goal he deserved when the Algerian made space for a curling shot, but Guardiola's side began to belatedly exert some pressure.

But as the visitors worked space for a succession of crosses, Leicester centre-backs Robert Huth and Wes Morgan were equal to everything and goalkeeper Ron-Robert Zieler contributed a couple of decisive punches clear.

Leicester almost made it four with another sweeping move at the end of the first half as Mahrez freed Marc Albrighton to cross for Slimani, who could not steer his header inside the far post.

Visitors City started the second half on the front foot as they tried to find a way back, with Pablo Zabaleta seeing a shot blocked by Christian Fuchs before a Kevin De Bruyne effort hit Marc Albrighton and came back to the Belgian, who shot wide.

Daniel Amartey smashed a volley high into the crowd before Guardiola's side came forward again and David Silva, De Bruyne and Iheanacho linked in a move that ended with Ilkay Gundogan shooting off target.

Raheem Sterling came on for Jesus Navas and Yaya Toure replaced Iheanacho up front as City rang the changes, before Slimani embarked on a solo run and fired in a shot that Bravo saved.

Gundogan came off with Nolito replacing him as City made their final change, and Leicester replaced Slimani with Shinji Okazaki soon afterwards.

With 12 minutes remaining, Guardiola's bad afternoon got worse as John Stones played a poor backpass and Vardy intercepted, sliding the ball home off the inside of the post from a narrow angle for his first Leicester hat trick, with goal-line technology confirming that his effort had crossed the line.

Aleksandar Kolarov fired in from a free kick as Manchester City pulled one back, and in the last minute Nolito flicked home another to add some late respectability to the scoreline.

Sofiane Boufal's first Premier League goal was one to remember as a stunning 25-yard strike sealed a 1-0 win for Southampton over Middlesbrough.

Boufal joined Saints in a club-record deal worth £21million last summer, and the Moroccan's moment of magic proved decisive in a game of few clear-cut chances at St Mary's.

Southampton's victory moves them up to 10th while Middlesbrough remain 16th after just one win in five games.

Boufal has taken time to settle since arriving from Lille with an injury, but the 23-year-old is a precocious attacking talent and manager Claude Puel will hope his brilliance here, worthy of winning any game, is just the beginning.

The odd goal was always likely to settle this contest considering both teams have averaged less than one a game in the Premier League, with Southampton managing only 20 shots on target in their last six games and Boro a league-low 36 all season.

Each side was also without their top goal-scorer, with Southampton's Charlie Austin sidelined by a shoulder injury and Alvaro Negredo nursing a hamstring strain.

For the visitors, that meant only a second start of the season for Jordan Rhodes, bought from Blackburn for £9 million in the January transfer window.

The 26-year-old endured a forgettable afternoon, doing little to suggest he is set for an extended run in the team.

Both sides were content to stroke the ball around early on but the only damage done was to the face of Boufal, after a jostling Adam Clayton had flung back his hand, although it appeared accidental despite the forward's protestations.

Southampton gradually took control but lacked a sense of purpose.

Jordy Clasie and Jay Rodriguez each failed with snap-shots but the best opening of the half fell to Middlesbrough and stemmed from an underhit backpass by James Ward-Prowse.

Viktor Fischer raced through on goal but after evading Virgil van Dijk and rounding goalkeeper Fraser Forster, his angled shot was scrambled off the line by Fonte.

Boro forward Cristhian Stuani added to the momentary mayhem with two quickfire follow-ups but the first was blocked and the second blazed over.

That was the high point in an otherwise uninspiring 45 minutes, the end of which was greeted by a smattering of boos from Saints supporters.

Puel responded by replacing Dusan Tadic with Nathan Redmond at the interval and the substitute made an immediate impact, his cushioned header back setting up Boufal for a shot that was blocked.

Boufal continued to look the most likely source of a goal and in the 53rd minute the forward, 25 yards out, took one touch to receive the ball, another to tee himself up and a third to hammer it past Victor Valdes.

Steven Davis could have put the result beyond doubt but failed to connect with Cuco Martina's cross before Rodriguez saw his late header nodded off the line by Clayton.

Rodriguez then appeared to defy physics in injury-time when he sidefooted Redmond's cross over from a yard out.

Arsenal came from behind to go top of the Premier League table and extend their unbeaten league run to 14 league games with a 3-1 win over Stoke at the Emirates Stadium.

Birthday-boy Charlie Adam opened the scoring from the spot when Stoke were awarded a penalty after Granit Xhaka elbowed Joe Allen him in the face but Arsenal got themselves back into the game with five minutes left of the first half through Theo Walcott's close-range finish.

The Gunners took the lead shortly after half time with Mesut Ozil heading the ball over Lee Grant, with substitute Alex Iwobi adding the third, which sees the hosts go top of the table on goal difference from London rivals Chelsea.

Arsene Wenger made six changes from the side which beat Basle 4-1 in the Champions League on Tuesday, while Allen came in for the injured Jonathan Walters in the Stoke starting XI.

After a slow start it was Stoke, who were looking for their third league win in a row, who had the best chance of the opening 10 minutes as Marc Muniesa's shot whistled just over the crossbar.

The Gunners suffered a blow just on 25 minutes when Shkodran Mustafi was forced off due to a hamstring injury.

The centre-back was replaced by Hector Bellerin, himself back in the squad for the first time in more than a month after overcoming an ankle problem, with Gabriel shifting into the middle of the back four.

The new-look defence was soon under pressure and just two minutes later referee Lee Mason awarded the visitors a penalty after Xhaka's clumsy challenge and elbow on Allen.

A brief pause followed whilst the Stoke medical team patched up the 26-year-old midfielder, but on the half-hour mark Adam stepped up to the penalty spot and sent Petr Cech the wrong way to put Stoke ahead.

Adam came close to a second on 40 minutes but his curling shot was blocked by Gabriel, as Arsenal stuttered.

But, with only a few minutes of the first-half remaining, the Gunners finally clicked into gear.

Bellerin's cross into the box fell to Walcott, who slotted it past goalkeeper Grant to get his 10th goal of the season and the 100th club goal of his career.

It did not take long after the break for Arsenal to start dominating the game and, on 50 minutes, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's long-range cross found Ozil unmarked in the box and, spotting that the Grant was off his line, the Germany international headed the ball over him.

The goal appeared to bring Stoke back into the game and Mark Hughes' tactical change almost paid off as Peter Crouch, who had replaced Mame Biram Diouf just a moment before, saw his header - and first touch of the ball - saved by Cech.

Arsenal made sure of the points in the 75th minute thanks to substitute Iwobi after Alexis Sanchez was tripped on the edge of the area by Bruno Martins Indi, with referee Mason waving play on to allow the Nigeria international to slot the ball home.

Swansea relieved the pressure on under-pressure manager Bob Bradley with an emphatic 3-0 home victory over fellow strugglers Sunderland.

Bradley had come into the Premier League basement clash under severe scrutiny with only one win in his seven games in charge and Swansea at the foot of the table.

But the Swans surged to their biggest win of the season with a second-half penalty from Gylfi Sigurdsson and, for the second successive home game, a Fernando Llorente double.

The win not only takes Swansea off the bottom, but moves them up three places outside the relegation zone.

Sunderland are now bottom and the way they folded after Sigurdsson's opener will trouble boss David Moyes, particularly after they had won three of their previous four games.

After a sterile first period, in which the events of Swansea's last home game - the amazing 5-4 victory over Crystal Palace - were a distant memory, the game turned on a 51st-minute incident when Jason Denayer handled Wayne Routledge's cross.

Referee Craig Pawson adjudged that the Belgium midfielder's arms were in an unnatural position and Sigurdsson sent the spot-kick down the middle for his sixth goal of the season.

Three minutes later the excellent Sigurdsson turned provider as Llorente, the hero against Palace with an injury-time brace, struck again when he swept home a corner directed low into the penalty area.

Jordan Pickford produced fine stops to prevent Modou Barrow and Jordi Amat extending Swansea's lead.

But the Sunderland goalkeeper had no answer when Llorente met Jefferson Montero's cross 10 minutes from time.

Llorente soon left the field to a hero's reception, the Spanish striker's work for the day done.

Swansea enjoyed some promising moments early on, with Barrow surging past opponents and Llorente heading wide when under pressure at the near post.

But Swansea were often betrayed by some woeful crossing, with Barrow and Routledge the major culprits, the pair making it easy for the Blacks Cats by regularly failing to clear the first defender.

Sunderland saw out the opening 20 minutes and then threatened to seize control, with Victor Anichebe providing a focal point in attack and Jermain Defoe seeking space between defenders.

The pair combined to create Sunderland's best chance of a cagey first period when Anichebe collected Pickford's punt and sent Defoe down the left-hand channel.

Defoe beat Alfie Mawson and broke into the area, but his angled shot just cleared the crossbar much to Swansea's relief.

Sebastian Larsson might have opened the scoring moments later but for Defoe taking the ball off his toe in front of goal, while Swansea danger was restricted to Sigurdsson's exquisite set-piece delivery.

Mawson and Amat both headed over inviting Sigurdsson free-kicks which should have yielded more.

Swansea nerves were stretched by Defoe's drive after the re-start, which whistled just past a post.

But Denayer's error opened the door for Swansea and there was no way back after Sigurdsson had sent his spot-kick straight down the middle.

Manchester United closed the gap on fifth place to three points thanks to a scrappy 1-0 win against Tottenham Hotspur at Old Trafford on Sunday.

Henrikh Mkhitaryan's goal was enough to end a run of four consecutive home league draws for the Red Devils before the Armenia international departed on a stretcher after being fouled by Danny Rose late in the second-half.

Jose Mourinho named an unchanged side from the one that drew 1-1 against Everton last Sunday, while Toby Alderweireld came back into the Spurs XI for the first time since Oct. 15.

United, who moved to within six points of fourth-placed Manchester City with the win, created the better chances in the opening half hour.

Paul Pogba drew a save from Hugo Lloris in the second minute and in the 20th minute Mkhitaryan's powerful drive was blocked by Jan Vertonghen.

For Tottenham, David De Gea made a diving save from a Christian Eriksen free kick on 18 minutes but the visitors had few clear cut chances.

Mkhitaryan, who scored his first goal for the club in the 2-0 Europa League win against Zorya Luhansk on Thursday, opened his Premier League account for United on the counter-attack after Harry Kane gave away possession on the halfway line.

Tottenham's best chance came in the 55th minute when Eriksen's free kick found Victor Wanyama unmarked, but he somehow managed to direct his point blank header into the ground and away from goal.

That seemed to stir United, who had allowed Spurs to come into the game after half-time, and the hosts were unlucky not to double their lead in the 62nd minute when Pogba's powerful free kick rattled the frame of the goal.

Moments later, on the break, which is where United looked most dangerous, Pogba drew another save from Lloris from a good combination with Mkhitaryan.

The Red Devils now face a nervous wait to find out the extent of an injury, which forced him off following a challenge from Rose, but a win against a title rival will come as a boost.

Liverpool lost ground on leaders Chelsea as they were held to a 2-2 draw by struggling West Ham United at Anfield.

The Reds started brightly and led after only five minutes as West Ham's recent defensive fragility came to the fore again.

Slick passing opened the way for Sadio Mane to play Adam Lallana through the middle and the Liverpool man was given all the time he could have wanted to control, turn and fire into the corner.

Under-pressure visiting manager Slaven Bilic urged his players to respond quickly -- and within three minutes Michail Antonio found space to fire in an angled effort that was tipped over by Loris Karius.

With 13 minutes on the clock, Mane was again behind a threatening Liverpool move, finding Roberto Firmino who saw his effort deflected over the top.

And another fine attack, this time involving the overlapping James Milner, was only halted by an excellent clearing header from Winston Reid.

Jurgen Klopp's side were in almost complete control -- but they were stunned after 28 minutes when, after a foul by Lallana on Pedro Obiang had given West Ham a free-kick 25 yards out, Dimitri Payet curled the ball past Karius, who got a touch but was unable to keep it out.

It appeared the goalkeeper could have done better and the goal unsettled Liverpool, whose earlier attacking momentum deserted them in the aftermath.

Firmino shot wide after 37 minutes as Liverpool looked to regain the ascendancy -- but they were rocked again two minutes later as the Londoners took a shock lead.

A pass through the middle took a deflection off Jordan Henderson and fell perfectly for Antonio as Joel Matip struggled to react, with the forward's prodded finish having just enough on it to roll over the line.

Liverpool felt they should have had a penalty in first-half injury time when Lallana went down in the area, and they came within a whisker of levelling from the resulting corner when a Matip header crashed back off the bar before a free-kick was given for a foul.

Ragnar Klavan came on for Dejan Lovren at the break, and within two minutes of the restart Liverpool were level as Mane's cross was flapped at by Darren Randolph and Divock Origi stabbed home to make it 2-2.

Within moments, more fine work inside the area by Mane gave Georginio Wijnaldum a shooting chance that he sent just wide of the post with Randolph struggling to get there.

The home side were dominating and Mane set up Origi for another shot that was deflected away before West Ham had their first half-chance of the second period when Andre Ayew met a Payet cross but was unable to get a proper connection.

Firmino's low ball in from the right was deflected behind as a host of attackers waited in the middle with the hour mark approaching, and then Wijnaldum shot wide.

With West Ham struggling to escape from their own half, ex-Liverpool striker Andy Carroll entered the fray to replace Ayew -- but the Hammers were soon on the back foot again as Milner found Origi but his cross was too close to the keeper.

Randolph made up for his earlier error with a stunning 70th-minute stop from Jordan Henderson's curling strike, and as Klopp's side continued to launch waves of attacks West Ham took off Manuel Lanzini and brought on Edmilson Fernandes to shore up their defence.

As time began to tick away, Nathaniel Clyne blazed over the bar after another neat move involving Lallana, and Milner's fierce drive from the edge of the area was blocked.

Karius made a strong punch as Carroll closed in on a long cross as the Hammers mounted a late attack, and the visitors held on for a valuable point despite some late Liverpool flurries.

Alexis Sanchez scored a hat trick as Arsenal thrashed West Ham 5-1 at the London Stadium to move up to second in the Premier League table.

Sanchez hit all three goals in the second half, with Mesut Ozil and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain also getting on the score sheet, as the Gunners climbed to within three points of leaders Chelsea, while the Hammers remain just a point above the drop zone after a sixth game without a win.

Arsenal started the match brightly, working especially well down the left with one Nacho Monreal cross just being intercepted at the far post with Sanchez waiting to pounce.

Shkodran Mustafi had the chance to edge the Gunners into the lead in the 17th minute, heading wide from a corner with both Laurent Koscielny and Sanchez unable to divert the ball in.

West Ham created their first opportunity of the game soon after with Manuel Lanzini dancing past two defenders only to be denied by a good save from Petr Cech at his near post.

Arsenal, however, found the breakthrough in the 24th minute as Sanchez raced onto a loose ball after a mistake at the back from West Ham, with the Chilean then teeing up Ozil to finish into an empty net for his eighth goal of the season.

The visitors could have been two up six minutes later but Oxlade-Chamberlain wasted the opportunity, firing high and wide when Theo Walcott was unmarked at far post.

A dominant Arsenal continued to go in search of a second with Sanchez at the heart of their attacks -- the forward seeing one long-distance hit saved by Darren Randolph, before then attempting to round the Hammers keeper after being played in by Oxlade-Chamberlain, only for his heavy touch to let him down.

A subdued West Ham did manage to create a chance to equalise just before half-time, but Pedro Obiang could only head Ashley Fletcher's cross over the bar when in a good position to do better.

Arsenal started the second half on the front foot and Walcott had the chance to grab a second for his side shortly after the restart, only to head Ozil's free kick just over bar.

Two first-half goals lifted Stoke into the Premier League's top half as Burnley's rotten away form continued in a 2-0 loss at the bet365 Stadium.

Jonathan Walters scored his first goal since March with a looping volley before centre-back Marc Muniesa, who had never found the net in the Premier League, broke upfield to add a second which leaves the Potters ninth in the table.

It inflicted a fifth defeat in six on the road for the Clarets, who remain winless on their travels despite four triumphs at Turf Moor for last year's second-tier champions.

The away-day woes Burnley had experienced had prompted Sean Dyche to alter both his formation and line-up, dropping Steven Defour, Sam Vokes and Matthew Lowton and revisiting the 4-4-2 formation.

Stoke, meanwhile, were unchanged as Mark Hughes persisted with the en vogue 3-4-3 that had earned them three points at Watford six days earlier.

It seemed an alien system to the Potters' players in the early exchanges, though, as Scott Arfield saw a free-kick deflected wide and the recalled Andre Gray fired off target.

The hosts eventually woke up and nearly took a 10th-minute lead from a Xherdan Shaqiri corner that an unmarked Bruno Martins-Indi nodded against the base of the far post.

It was from another dead-ball situation that Stoke did take the lead 10 minutes later as Walters turned home his 40th Premier League goal for the club.

Mame Diouf, the converted right wing-back, played a one-two with Shaqiri from a throw and his cross bypassed the falling Ben Mee, with Walters' instinctive flick towards goal looping into the net off the far post.

Chelsea made it eight consecutive wins in the Premier League as they came from behind to keep their place at the top of the table with a 3-1 victory over title rivals Manchester City, who were reduced to nine men in the dying moments at the Etihad Stadium.

An own goal from Gary Cahill in the first half had put City in the lead and on course to go top, but Chelsea fought back after the break with strikes from Diego Costa, Willian and Eden Hazard to send them four points clear at the summit. City were reduced to nine men deep into second-half injury time after Sergio Aguero and Fernandinho were both sent off.

The game started off as a tense and tight affair with the first real sight of goal only coming after 15 minutes when Hazard fizzed a first-time hit from the edge of the area just wide of the post.

City had their first real effort six minutes later, with Aguero seeing a strike from just outside the box tipped over the bar by Thibaut Courtois.

City soon had the ball in the back of the net when Fernandinho headed Kevin De Bruyne's free kick past Courtois, but the flag had already gone up for offside on the Brazilian.

Moments later, Chelsea were attacking down the other end as Hazard latched onto a through ball before rounding Claudio Bravo, but instead of attempting to finish into the back of the net from a tight angle, he cut the ball back across goal with City's defence able to clear the danger.

City could well have been reduced to 10 men in the 30th minute after David Luiz appeared to barge over Aguero as the last man and with the Argentine seemingly through on goal, but referee Anthony Taylor waved play on.

The hosts upped their tempo as the first half wore on and Aguero had a goal-bound strike blocked by Cesar Azpilicueta after Leroy Sane had teed him up, before the striker later spurned an even greater chance after heading De Bruyne's delivery wide of the target when in a great position.

Gaston Ramirez headed his second goal of the season as Middlesbrough made hard work of claiming a crucial Premier League win over relegation rivals Hull City at the Riverside Stadium.

The Uruguayan marked an impressive performance by stooping to head home a Viktor Fischer corner on the hour and end his side's worrying run of three straight top-flight games without a win.

Boro dominated throughout and missed a catalogue of chances against the woeful Tigers who nevertheless almost grabbed an unlikely point in injury time through Adama Diomande.

Boro had much the better of an eminently forgettable first half, even if the Tigers did fashion the first chance when Sam Clucas was dispossessed on the edge of the box by the alert Marten de Roon.

If the small section of visiting supporters hoped that would herald a significant assault from their side they were to be disappointed as the hosts would dominate the remainder of the early exchanges.

De Roon played a neat through-ball to Alvaro Negredo who should have done better than blast his shot over the bar, then a left-foot drive from the dangerous Ramirez was parried by Hull keeper David Marshall.

Clucas blasted well over the bar from a Robert Snodgrass corner before normal action resumed, Adam Forshaw and Ramirez bringing saves out of Marshall before Fischer bundled the ball into the net only to be ruled offside.

A rare counter-attack from Hull gave a glimmer of a chance to Diomande before he was capably dispossessed by Ben Gibson, then Negredo again should have done better with a cross from out wide by Forshaw.

The second half continued in the same vein, Fischer failing to get a touch onto a Ramirez ball across the face of goal, and Boro's profligacy in the 18-yard box was beginning to frustrate the home fans before they finally made the breakthrough on the hour.

Fischer, preferred in the starting line-up to Adama Traore, delivered his dangerous set-piece from the left and Ramirez stooped at the far post to nod home the opening goal from point-blank range.

Boro continued to push forward without creating too many clear-cut chances, Negredo spurning the best of them when he headed straight at Marshall from a Fabio cross.

Nerves continued to jangle at the Riverside Stadium despite the Tigers -- shorn of the suspended Dieumerci Mbokani and injury victim Abel Hernandez -- offering next to no attacking threat.

But out of nowhere Diomande -- stranded up front for the entire game -- almost became Hull's unlikely hero when his speculative long-range effort was flapped around the post by Boro keeper Victor Valdes.

From the resulting corner by Snodgrass, Ahmed Elmohamady flicked on and the stretching Diomande was inches from connecting for what looked a certain goal in injury time.

Jermain Defoe's eighth goal of the season condemned Premier League champions Leicester to yet another defeat as improving Sunderland won for the third time in four attempts.

Defoe struck with 13 minutes remaining after Robert Huth's own goal had given the home side the lead, and, although substitute Shinji Okazaki pulled one back for the visitors within two minutes, there was no way back.

The Foxes were once again a shadow of the side which romped to the Premier League title last season and the Black Cats took full advantage to win 2-1 in front of a delighted crowd of 39,725 to further boost their survival hopes.

Sunderland went into the game with a measure of confidence having recorded back-to-back victories before last weekend's defeat at Liverpool, and they started as if they meant business.

With in-form striker Victor Anichebe tormenting right-back Danny Simpson, they started at a sprint and a Leicester side which had collected just a single point on the road this season before kick-off came under intense pressure.

Duncan Watmore called upon keeper Ron-Robert Zieler with less than a minute gone and it took fine blocks by Wes Morgan to deny both Defoe and Anichebe in a high-octane opening.

However, it was central-defensive partner Huth who came to the rescue with 14 minutes gone when he threw himself into the path of Anichebe's goal-bound shot after he had out-muscled Morgan.

The former Everton frontman turned provider three minutes later when he picked out Defoe on the edge of the six-yard box with a low cross, but for once his strike partner misfired, failing to make a telling contact.

Bournemouth came back from 2-0 and 3-1 down to snatch a stunning 4-3 win over Liverpool in a thrilling match on the south coast.

Nathan Ake bundled the ball home deep in stoppage time after a Loris Karius fumble as Jurgen Klopp saw his side's hopes of cutting Chelsea's lead at the top frustrated.

Sadio Mane opened the scoring for Liverpool after 20 minutes, tucking the ball away neatly after a pass from Emre Can had cut through the Bournemouth defence.

Divock Origi, making his first Premier League start of the season, soon made it two as he took the ball around Artur Boruc -- who had rushed rashly from his goal and left himself stranded -- before slotting home from a tight angle.

Callum Wilson gave Bournemouth hope when he netted from the penalty spot shortly after the break after James Milner had fouled substitute Ryan Fraser.

But the visitors restored their two-goal advantage eight minutes later when Can bent an excellent strike into the top corner from outside the area.

That seemed to be that -- but Bournemouth were not finished and continued to take the game to their visitors.

They got their reward with 15 minutes remaining when Fraser showed composure after Liverpool had made a mess of a clearance, taking a touch just inside the penalty area before steering a low finish past Karius to put them back into the game.

And the Cherries were level with 12 minutes remaining when defender Steve Cook arrived in the penalty area to turn and volley home.

Only Karius prevented Eddie Howe's team from going in front seven minutes from the end, deflecting the ball over the top after substitute Benik Afobe had battled his way into a shooting position.

Origi steered an effort over in the first of five added minutes as Liverpool looked for a late winner before Lallana came close when he fired a fierce drive past the post.

But Bournemouth had the final word as Ake arrived in the area to stab home the decisive goal of an extraordinary afternoon.

Marouane Fellaini gave away a late penalty as his old club Everton snatched a 1-1 draw with Manchester United to leave Jose Mourinho frustrated again.

United had appeared to be heading for victory thanks to Zlatan Ibrahimovic's lobbed finish before the break.

But with time running out, Fellaini made a clumsy challenge on Idrissa Gueye and Leighton Baines kept his cool to convert from the spot after 89 minutes.

Everton had made the brighter start at a noisy Goodison Park, with a threatening Yannick Bolasie cross forcing Phil Jones to head behind for a corner.

That sparked several more corners in an early flurry, but United emerged unscathed and began to exert pressure of their own before Everton defender Ramiro Funes Mori fired an ambitious 30-yard effort over the bar.

United faced more potential danger after 16 minutes when Marcos Rojo was booked by referee Michael Oliver for a poor challenge on Gueye, but the resulting free kick was headed up into the air by Romelu Lukaku before Tom Cleverley miscued a volley.

Jones headed clear when Bolasie again threatened for Everton, crossing towards Lukaku, as the visitors failed to muster much threat of their own.

Ibrahimovic tried to change that in the 25th minute but his attempt to find Anthony Martial inside the area was overhit and he then fired a tame free kick straight into the Everton wall after Henrikh Mkhitaryan was brought down.

And as the game reached the half-hour mark without either side having managed an effort on target, Gareth Barry -- who had earlier made a couple of strong challenges -- was booked for one on Mkhitaryan.

But United went into the break with the advantage as home goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenburg blundered and Ibrahimovic took advantage.

Stekelenburg raced out of his area when Martial played the ball towards the striker -- but he got nowhere near it and a superb first-time lob from distance hit the bar, bounced down and span against the post and over the line.

Soon after the second half began, David De Gea needed to be alert to prevent Kevin Mirallas from levelling when the Belgian raced away from Rojo to fire an angled effort at the United goal.

But the visitors still looked in control and fashioned chances to go two goals clear, Martial sending an effort wide from the edge of the box and Rojo volleying against the bar after Michael Carrick had crossed.

Cleverley came off for Gerard Deulofeu with Bolasie making way for Enner Valencia and Coleman coming off for Mason Holgate as home manager Ronald Koeman tried to freshen things up.

With a quarter of an hour remaining, De Gea made his second save of the game as Mirallas found Gueye, whose shot was parried, and then Valencia headed straight at the goalkeeper in the last 10 minute.

Martial came off to be replaced by Rashford as Mourinho's men looked to run down the clock, with Fellaini then brought on for Mkhitaryan.

With three minutes remaining, the Balgian's clumsy challenge gifted Everton the chance to level, and Baines could then have won it when his powerful 90th-minute effort was beaten away by De Gea.



Crystal Palace beat Southampton 3-0 to end a damaging run of six successive Premier League defeats and ease the pressure on manager Alan Pardew.

Two goals from Christian Benteke and another from James Tomkins -- players Pardew had spent so much money recruiting -- secured three vital points at Selhurst Park.

After previously being kept out of the relegation zone only on goal difference, moving to 13th in the table is a step forward. Southampton remain above them in 11th - but were unusually flat while pursuing their third win in a week.

It seemed appropriate that in such an important game Pardew placed such faith in his three most expensive summer signings.

In the absence of the injured Connor Wickham, he trusted the £27 million Benteke as his lone striker, recalled the £13m Andros Townsend and selected £10m Tomkins at right-back.

Tomkins' appearance meant Joel Ward starting in what has been the problem left-back position since Pape Souare's career-threatening thigh injury, and Damien Delaney's return to central defence alongside Scott Dann.

Southampton's Claude Puel again rotated his team from Wednesday's 2-0 victory at Arsenal, but if Pardew was hoping they would be weakened he would have been disappointed by their high-quality XI.

His own team began nervously, conceding possession twice in the opening five minutes and often turning their 4-3-3 formation into a deep-lying 4-5-1. As the first half unfolded, however, they gradually began to frustrate their visitors, whose pace slowed.

Tottenham striker Harry Kane finished off a special week in style by scoring a brace in Spurs' 5-0 victory over Swansea at White Hart Lane on Saturday.

Kane, who signed a new five-and-a half year deal on Thursday, put the hosts ahead after they were awarded a soft penalty when Kyle Naughton brought down Dele Alli in the area.

Swansea never found themselves in the game and Spurs doubled their lead just before half-time through an impressive strike by Son Heung-min.

Kane netted his second of the game just four minutes after the restart with a powerful finish and they put the game to bed with 20 minutes to go through a Christian Eriksen header. Eriksen added his second, and Tottenham's fifth, in injury time.

Mauricio Pochettino only made one change from the side that lost 2-1 to Chelsea last weekend with Danny Rose back in the team after sitting out due to suspension and Mike van der Hoorn started his first game since November 6 for the Swans, replacing the injured Federico Fernandez.

Swansea's back four looked strong from the beginning, keeping a number of Spurs attacks from reaching goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski but the game was briefly stopped just before the 10-minute mark for defender Kyle Walker, after he was caught in the head by the boot of Neil Taylor.

Spurs, who had only won one of their last 10 games, dominated a Swansea side struggling in the relegation zone and went close to taking the lead on 20 minutes but Kane's header was pushed over the bar.

The visitors failed to have a single shot in the first half but it looked as though they had done enough to reach half-time on level terms until the 38th minute.

Referee Jonathan Moss awarded the hosts a penalty after it was deemed Naughton had tripped Alli in the box. Alli nicked the ball ahead of Naughton but even if there was contact, it certainly was not enough to prompt the midfielder's theatrical tumble.

It was business as usual for West Brom head coach Tony Pulis as his side continued their improved form with a 3-1 victory over Watford to climb up to sixth place in the Premier League.

The High Court this week ruled Pulis must pay former club Crystal Palace £3.7 million. The 58-year-old must also pay costs and interest on the fine which comes from him walking out on the Eagles in 2014.

An expensive week might have felt even more costly had Watford repeated their win at The Hawthorns in last season's corresponding fixture but first-half strikes from Jonny Evans and Chris Brunt gave West Brom a cushion.

Christian Kabasele halved the deficit on the hour mark but Watford never really looked like snatching a point, and their cause was hindered further when Roberto Pereyra was sent off with six minutes remaining.

Matt Phillips sealed the points in injury time as West Brom won back-to-back home matches for the first time since March.

Ben Foster, a former Watford loanee, made a decent early save to tip Nordin Amrabat's shot over the crossbar after two minutes before West Brom took the lead.

Evans jumped highest inside the six-yard box to head his team in front from a Chris Brunt corner after 16 minutes.

The hosts nearly scored again shortly afterwards when Allan Nyom's cross from the left found Salomon Rondon at the far post but he was unable to guide his header into the top corner of the net and the ball drifted wide.

Alexis Sanchez scored twice as Arsenal ended their usual barren November run with victory over Bournemouth at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.

The Chilean struck in either half as the hosts ran out 3-1 winners to end Arsenal's run of three draws during a month when they notoriously struggle to pick up points.

The Gunners took the lead early on in the first half after Bournemouth defender Steve Cook's mistake gifted Sanchez his ninth goal of the season.

The visitors got back into the game, with Callum Wilson equalising from the penalty spot after he was brought down in the box by Nacho Monreal.

But second-half goals from Theo Walcott and Sanchez saw Arsene Wenger's side win in the Premier League for the first time since October 29.

Arsenal started the game the stronger side with Mohamed Elneny's early shot being headed away by Nathan Ake although the home side did not have to wait too much longer to open the scoring.

Sanchez made the most of a mistake by Cook, whose weak back pass left Bournemouth goalkeeper Adam Federici stranded and the Gunners forward with a simple finish.

On 14 minutes Arsenal thought they had a good shout for a penalty when Dan Gosling appeared to bring down Sanchez but referee Mike Jones waved the protests away.

Arsenal suffered a blow a minute later when Mathieu Debuchy, who started an Arsenal game for the first time in 370 days, was forced off with a hamstring injury.

Bournemouth began to come into their own and soon started to dominate possession, passing through the Arsenal midfield, who appeared frustrated by a number of decisions made by the referee.

Substitute Fernando Llorente scored twice in injury time to hand Swansea a sensational 5-4 victory over Crystal Palace and pile the pressure on under-fire Eagles manager Alan Pardew.

Palace - who had earlier led through Wilfried Zaha's 19th-minute goal - were 3-1 down before James Tomkins (75), a Jack Cork own goal (82) and Christian Benteke (84) turned the game on its head.

But Swansea, who had seen Leroy Fer add a second-half double to Gylfi Sigurdsson's superb free-kick, claimed a first Premier League win since the opening day of the season when Llorente twice finished from close range.

It was Palace's sixth straight defeat - and surely the cruellest in that stretch - with Pardew's position set to be the subject of more speculation.

Swansea set themselves up like an away team, with Sigurdsson operating as a false nine, and were keen to utilise the pace of Modou Barrow on the break.

The result was early Palace possession and pressure, with Benteke wasting an inviting opening after some pinball in the Swansea box.

Barrow burst away from Martin Kelly to set up a chance which Sigurdsson scuffed straight at the grateful Wayne Hennessey.

But Palace were ahead after 19 minutes and it was entirely predictable as Swansea's aerial struggles were exposed against the powerful Benteke.

The Belgian nodded the ball down into the path of Zaha and the winger made the most of some timid defending from Neil Taylor and Federico Fernandez to fire his fourth goal of the season past a helpless Lukasz Fabianski.

Swansea's shortcomings at the back were again underlined when Fabianski was forced into a smart save at the foot of a post after Kelly's cross found Connor Wickham unmarked.

But the mood changed inside the Liberty Stadium when Jason Puncheon was adjudged to have fouled Cork on the edge of the area.

Palace were clearly not happy with the decision and took an age to get their wall back 10 yards, but when they did Sigurdsson struck a terrific free-kick which left Hennessey rooted to the spot.

It was a lifeline for Swansea as they had rarely threatened up until that point, but they almost threw it away two minutes later when Zaha headed Yohan Cabaye's cross against the crossbar before the ball was bundled to safety.

Palace lost Wickham after the break - the forward was taken from the field on a stretcher with what appeared to be a knee injury - and were being pushed back as Sigurdsson and Barrow became increasingly influential.

Tomkins produced a brilliant last-ditch tackle to deny Barrow after Jay Fulton had split the defence, but Swansea were soon ahead, with substitute Llorente's first touch proving crucial after 66 minutes.

Llorente headed goalwards and, although Cabaye stopped the ball on the line with the possible use of an arm, there was Fer to squeeze home the rebound.

Two minutes later Palace struggled to cope with another set-piece and Fer finished again at the far post for his sixth goal of the season.

But Palace gave themselves a lifeline when Tomkins bundled home before Zaha's cross struck Cork and looped over Fabianski in agonising fashion.

And Palace were incredibly in front when Benteke found the net off a post in a crowded goalmouth.

But Swansea were not finished yet and Llorente - dropped at Everton last week - diverted home a Sigurdsson shot before prodding in the winner to send the Liberty Stadium into raptures.

Ronald Koeman suffered defeat on his return to Southampton as the Saints comfortably outplayed Everton to secure a deserved 1-0 Premier League victory.

The occasion was another on which the hosts should have scored more than they did but a first win in four -- courtesy of another goal from Charlie Austin, Koeman's last signing on the south coast -- proved enough to take them back up to 10th.

Defeat also means Everton have won only one of their past nine fixtures, further highlighting the improvements required and threatening to undermine their fine start to the season.

If Southampton were consistently flat throughout Thursday's 1-0 Europa League defeat at Sparta Prague, they could not have looked more determined upon kick-off at St Mary's.

With a standard of fast, one-touch football of which some of Europe's finest teams would be proud, they created space for Cedric Soares to cross on the right wing.

When Everton then struggled to clear the ball, debutant Josh Sims teed it up for Austin and the recalled striker calmly headed into the back of the net from directly in front of goal.

There was little questioning the results Koeman -- briefly the subject of unflattering chants from sections of the home support -- inspired in his two years at the club, but rarely would they have played with the style that continued to impress.

Nathan Redmond's 17th-minute cross provided Sims with another inviting header, this time saved by former Southampton goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenburg -- and from midfield Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg threatened with a strike that rose just over the bar.

Two goals from striker Sergio Aguero earned Manchester City three points at Burnley to take Pep Guardiola's side back to the top of the Premier League.

City had trailed early on but Aguero's double, one either side of the break, saw them emerge victorious at Turf Moor.

In an eventful opening spell, Burnley appealed for a penalty when Nicolas Otamendi appeared to shove Jeff Hendrick as a free kick came into the area after eight minutes, but referee Andre Marriner said no.

Seconds later, the visitors -- who had made an unconvincing start -- came close when Aguero shot from 25 yards and keeper Paul Robinson got down well to parry it to safety.

But the Clarets were playing with confidence and Johann Berg Gudmundsson tested Claudio Bravo in the City goal before they took the lead after 13 minutes with a high-quality strike.

Robinson played a long free kick forward, and when the ball was half cleared to the edge of the area Dean Marney lashed a superb volley past Bravo and low into the corner.

City were struggling to muster much real threat in response, although Nolito forced Robinson into action with a low shot and Yaya Toure's touch let him down when a Raheem Sterling pass appeared to have put him in.

But the visitors began to find their momentum as the game approached the half-hour, Fernandinho laying the ball off for Aguero, who smashed a first-time effort high over the top, and they wanted a penalty when Matthew Lowton challenged Nolito inside the area.

But Guardiola's men were level with 36 minutes played when Sterling fired the ball across and it reached Aguero, who turned it home from close range.

Aguero was close to a second within moments as Robinson made a good stop to deny him, and then Burnley were forced into two quick changes before the break as Marney took a knock and was replaced by Scott Arfield then Gudmundsson suffered a hamstring strain and James Tarkowski came on in his place.

City began the second half on the front foot with Burnley struggling to replicate their early attacking threat, Aguero having an effort blocked by Ben Mee and Toure firing over as the home side began to sit deeper.

And they went in front on the hour as Burnley failed horribly to clear a ball into their area, Mee almost tackling teammate Stephen Ward before Fernandinho's cross cannoned in off the lurking Aguero.

Jeff Hendrick tried to hit back for Burnley but saw his first-time effort crash to safety off a City defender, and they were agonisingly close to a 73rd-minute equaliser when a ball into the area was headed on by Michael Keane and Aleksandar Kolarov scrambled it away from inside the six-yard box.

The Clarets peppered the City area with long balls forward in the closing stages but, a blocked George Boyd effort apart, could muster little to threaten the visitors' goal.

And City saw out four minutes of stoppage time despite a late headed chance for Keane and an overhead effort from Ashley Barnes that was clutched by Bravo, as they went back above Chelsea at the Premier League summit.

Islam Slimani's injury-time penalty rescued a point for Leicester as they got out of jail against Middlesbrough.

The Foxes avoided a third straight Premier League defeat to claim a 2-2 draw against battling Boro who were seconds away from a deserved victory.

Alvaro Negredo had twice put them ahead, with Riyad Mahrez levelling in the first half with his own penalty, but Slimani's last-gasp spot kick saved the Foxes.

Last season's shock title winners are still stuttering in the league having won just once in their last eight games despite a late fightback.

They may have qualified for the Champions League round of 16 in midweek but they were poor against vibrant Boro, who gave them a huge scare, and are two points above the relegation zone.

Nothing should be taken away from Boro's performance though after they dominated most of the first half, soaked up pressure after the break and hit the Foxes with what looked to be a sucker punch.

An own goal from Heurelho Gomes got Stoke back to winning ways as they chalked up a 1-0 victory at Watford.

The Hornets keeper's moment of misfortune came when a header from Charlie Adam came back off the post and cannoned in off his legs.

It was a scrappy goal to settle a scrappy game, but Stoke were deserved winners as they bounced back from last week's defeat by Bournemouth.

Boss Mark Hughes had been hit by injuries to Ryan Shawcross and Glenn Whelan as well as a suspension for Joe Allen.

But his patched-up side still had too much for a lethargic Watford, who finished with 10 men after a late red card for Miguel Britos as they slipped to a first home defeat since August.

Stoke showed more purpose from the first whistle and Gomes was straight into the action, saving from Bruno Martins Indi and puching Xherdan Shaqiri's follow-up clear.

Stoke's club record signing Giannelli Imbula, eager to impress after being recalled for the first time since September, drove forward from midfield and fired a 20-yard effort narrowly wide.

Watford did manage a couple of long-range efforts through Daryl Janmaat and Etienne Capoue, but Stoke keeper Lee Grant dealt with them comfortably.

Watford's malaise was summed up when an injury to Younes Kaboul was followed by the ridiculous sight of substitute Christian Kabasele taking an age to get ready to come on, leaving his side playing with 10 men for almost five minutes.

There was an distinct air of farce about Stoke's goal as well.

From Shaqiri's 29th-minute corner, Adam's downward header struck the foot of the far post and bounced out.

Brazilian keeper Gomes was unable to react in time as the ball ricocheted off his knee and rolled into the net.

After the break Stoke forward Marko Arnautovic led a swift counter-attack and played the ball across goal but just too far in front of Jonathan Walters.

Hornets boss Walter Mazzarri sent on striker Odion Ighalo in a bid to inject some life into his side and the Nigerian went close with a back header.

Daryl Janmaat volleyed wide and Troy Deeney, still stuck on 99 goals for the Hornets, planted a header over.

But any hopes of a comeback were ended when Britos was shown a second yellow card for tugging back Shaqiri with a minute remaining.

Liverpool returned to the top of the Premier League with a 2-0 win over Sunderland at Anfield in a game overshadowed by injury to Philippe Coutinho.

Divock Origi's first Premier League goal since April and a late James Milner penalty saw Liverpool return to winning ways.

Belgium striker Origi was only on the pitch because of a potentially serious ankle injury to playmaker Coutinho, who left the field on a stretcher with his right leg in a protective splint.

Sunderland made things tough for Liverpool and frustrations were beginning to grow until Origi struck in the 75th minute.

Milner's 90th-minute penalty made the result safe and put an end to the visitors' mini-revival after back-to-back wins had lifted them off the foot of the table.

The visitors conceded 78 percent of possession but in the opening 45 minutes limited their hosts to a handful of half-chances as Georginio Wijnaldum's early shot on the turn was easily saved, Dejan Lovren directed two efforts off target and Sadio Mane fired straight at Jordan Pickford.

Part of Sunderland's success in negating the threat of opponents who had scored 17 times in five previous home league matches was Jason Denayer's man-marking job on playmaker Coutinho.

But the one occasion the on-loan Manchester City defender lost his man resulted in Coutinho's injury, as Didier Ndong's challenge caught the right foot of the forward as he tried to jink past him.

Sunderland's one chance before the break fell to former Everton midfielder Steven Pienaar but goalkeeper Loris Karius got out to block.

In the second half Wijnaldum bundled a volley wide, Roberto Firmino was denied by Pickford at his near post and Emre Can missed the target as Sunderland became even more defensive.

When Firmino flashed a cross through the six-yard box neither Origi nor Mane could apply the finishing touch, but their frustration finally ended 15 minutes from time.

Jordan Henderson picked out Origi on the left of the penalty area and he managed to thread a shot across a crowded box and inside the far post.

When the charging Mane was brought down by Ndong in added time, Milner stepped up to score his fifth of the season.

Chelsea returned to the top of the Premier League as they recovered from a goal down to beat Tottenham Hotspur at Stamford Bridge and notch a seventh league win a row.

Spurs, who saw their unbeaten league record ended, began the game brightly with Chelsea -- who had won their last six games without conceding a goal -- contributing to their own early jitters as David Luiz gave the ball away in a dangerous position.

They had the ball in the Chelsea net after only eight minutes when Harry Kane pounced, only for an offside flag to deny him.

But with the Blues struggling to settle and Spurs keeping them under pressure, the visitors took the lead in stunning style with 11 minutes on the clock.

Midfielder Christian Eriksen smashed home a superb finish from outside the area, leaving home goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois helpless as Chelsea conceded their first Premier League goal since the end of September.

As Chelsea's frustrations grew, Luiz was booked for a clumsy challenge on Kane and Spurs soon threatened again when some neat passing football opened the way for Victor Wanyama to shoot over the top from outside the area.

Luiz tried his luck from a free kick but sent the ball far too close to Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris, and Courtois was in action at the other end as he tipped over a fierce drive from Kane.

Chelsea were struggling to create any danger of their own and soon had another reason to worry as Eriksen latched on to a pass but could not replicate his first attempt, firing well wide.

But, out of nothing, Antonio Conte's side levelled a minute before the break with another goal of outstanding quality.

Pedro turned into space just outside the area after a flowing move involving Nemanja Matic and curled a dipping effort beyond Lloris to leave the sides all square going into the break.

Home midfielder N'Golo Kante sent a fierce strike straight at Lloris within moments of the restart as Chelsea began the second half in a far more positive fashion than they did the first.

And they did not have to wait long to take the lead as Victor Moses was left all alone in the area to steer the ball home via Lloris and Jan Vertonghen on the line after Costa's fine run and low cross had completely unhinged the visiting defence with 51 minutes gone.

It should have been 3-1 moments later when another Costa cross found Marcos Alonso unattended on the penalty spot, but he lashed the ball high into the Shed End.

In a reverse of much of the first period, Spurs were failing to create much threat, although Eriksen almost improvised a fine equaliser when he steered Kane's lofted cutback towards goal but found Courtois in the way.

Costa failed to get the right connection when a cross found him inside the penalty area.

As the game entered the final 10 minutes Spurs began to increase the pressure, winning a string of corners as the home side sat back and defended their lead.

Eriksen forced Courtois to come out and punch a dangerous free kick clear, and as the pressure grew an over-hit Eric Dier cross had Courtois worried for a moment as it looped over him and past the far post.

Willian fired over after another excellent run and low cross from Costa and, as the game entered three minutes of stoppage time, Costa made another run down a flank before seeing his attempt to find Oscar with another low cross was cut out Tottenham.



Hull captain Michael Dawson cut through the KCOM Stadium gloom to grab a second-half equaliser and deny visitors West Brom a third straight Premier League win.

Gareth McAuley's 34th-minute opener looked set to send the Tigers sliding to another defeat on a cold and misty afternoon in East Yorkshire until Dawson got the finishing touches to a long-range Robert Snodgrass free-kick, earning a 1-1 draw.

The home side had failed to muster a single shot of any description in the opening 50 minutes and the Baggies looked in little danger of having their surge into the top half of the table halted.

In truth a match that had promised little threatened to deliver even less in a low-key opening half hour in which the solitary chance for either side saw James Morrison miscue a cross from Craig Dawson in the Tigers box.

The Baggies dominated possession but struggled to break through a home back line which was looking more resolute than the Burnley side past whom Tony Pulis' men had hit four last Monday.

The visitors deserved their opening goal in the 34th minute when Hull failed to deal with a Matt Phillips corner from the right and McAuley was on hand to head past helpless Hull keeper David Marshall.

The below-par first period ended with boos ringing around the KCOM Stadium from the home supporters who had witnessed precious little positivity from their team.

But the half-time introduction of Adama Diomande injected more urgency into the Tigers front line and they had their best chance one minute after the break when Curtis Davies flashed a Robert Snodgrass corner across the face of goal.

Snodgrass' long-range effort in the 50th minute, which was saved by Ben Foster, drew ironic cheers from the home fans, and moments later Jake Livermore screwed a shot wide.

It was suddenly looking much more positive from Hull who came close again when Markus Henriksen threaded a low ball into the box for Livermore, who hit a shot straight at Foster.

The Tigers grabbed the equaliser their second-half performance just about deserved when Dawson converted after being set up by Dieumerci Mbokani's downward header in the box.

Nacer Chadli replaced Morrison late on and his first act was to strike a long-range free-kick which the alert Marshall did well to push around his right-hand post.

And the visitors could have snatched the points in injury time when substitute James McClean sent in a cross from the right and Salomon Rondon headed wide from in front of goal.

Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho was sent to the stands as his side suffered another frustrating afternoon at Old Trafford, being held to a 1-1 draw by West Ham United.

The Hammers, who led 2-1 at Tottenham last weekend only to succumb to a late 3-2 defeat, started brightly and were in front after only two minutes.

Dimitri Payet whipped in a free kick after he was fouled by Lingard, and Diafra Sakho got away from marker Zlatan Ibrahimovic to nod the Londoners into the lead.

United quickly stepped up the tempo as they attempted to find an equaliser, with Ibrahimovic seeing his effort from a Lingard cross go wide of the post after six minutes.

Shortly after the 10-minute mark, Paul Pogba blasted over from long range and then a Juan Mata curler was too close to Darren Randolph in the West Ham goal.

Michail Antonio threatened for West Ham when he got to the byline and crossed dangerously towards Sakho, who was unable to get a connection.

And United were soon back on terms as Ibrahimovic got onto the end of a superb pass from Pogba to glance home from six yards out.

Within moments, Mourinho was sent to the stands by referee Jonathan Moss after he reacted furiously -- kicking a water bottle down the touchline -- to the official's decision to book Pogba for simulation.

But even without their coach on the touchline United were growing in momentum and missed a 33rd-minute chance when Lingard blasted over after Ibrahimovic had headed the ball across to him.

The home side had an even better opening four minutes later when Marcus Rashford raced through the middle but saw Randolph block the finish with an outstretched boot.

Arsene Wenger's inability to beat Jose Mourinho in a competitive game continued at Old Trafford on Saturday, though his Arsenal side secured a 1-1 draw against Manchester United thanks to a late equaliser from Olivier Giroud.

Wenger had failed to record a single victory over Mourinho in 13 previous competitive matches and while that run was extended to 14, the Frenchman will have been the happier of the two managers after seeing Giroud cancel out Juan Mata's opener with an 89th-minute header.

United started the game the livelier and came close to opening the scoring after five minutes as Mata bent a free kick from the edge of the area just wide of the target.

Arsenal, who have not won in the Premier League at Old Trafford since September 2006, created a good chance just a few minutes later as Theo Walcott flicked Nacho Monreal's cross into the path of Alexis Sanchez, but the forward could only head wide from six yards out.

A cagey period then saw both teams struggle to create anything clear cut, with Francis Coquelin and Ander Herrera coming the closest for their respective sides with volleys that sailed well over.

United, however, stepped it up a gear in the final stages of the first half and could well have won a penalty, only for Andre Marriner to wave away protests after Monreal had brought down Antonio Valencia inside the box.

Bournemouth brought a halt to Stoke's recent revival as a 1-0 win at the bet365 Stadium gave Eddie Howe's team a first away victory of the season in the Premier League.

Cherries boss Howe wanted his players to show they were a better side than the one which slumped to successive defeats to Middlesbrough and Sunderland prior to the international break and they did just that with a solid and well-drilled performance in the Potteries.

Nathan Ake's 26th-minute header was enough for all three points as Stoke looked off the pace in the first half. They improved after the break but blew the chance to extend their unbeaten run to seven league matches for the first time since December 2012 when Bojan Krkic crashed a penalty against the crossbar at the start of the second half.

Bournemouth began brightly, Stoke sluggishly, and the hosts were fortunate they did not pay a hefty price for their start after 10 minutes when Jack Wilshere's beautifully-weighted pass sent Callum Wilson through on goal with Ryan Shawcross in tow.

The Stoke defender felled Wilson with a sliding challenge from behind inside the penalty area but referee Roger East, to the astonishment of Howe and the majority of the rest of the 27,815 inside the bet365 Stadium, did not award the spot-kick and waved away the appeals.

Television replays showed Bournemouth had been hard done by while Stoke should arguably have been contesting the remainder of the match with 10 men.

Shortly afterwards, the visitors threatened again and once more Wilshere was involved. The on-loan Arsenal midfielder put a low cross into the box which Wilson dummied for Josh King but his shot was diverted wide by the fingertips of Lee Grant diving to his right.

When Bournemouth made the breakthrough it was further evidence that Stoke were still not up to speed as the unmarked Ake, on his first Premier League start for the club, headed home Junior Stanislas' free-kick from inside the six-yard area.

West Brom blitzed Burnley with three first-half goals before going on to equal their biggest-ever victory under Tony Pulis.

The Baggies beat West Ham 4-0 in February 2015, the month after Pulis' arrival as head coach, and they repeated the feat on Monday night to climb up to ninth place in the Premier League table.

Matt Phillips struck after only four minutes and when James Morrison doubled the lead with 16 minutes on the clock it was clear that Sean Dyche's 50th Premier League match as Burnley boss would be one to remember for all the wrong reasons.

Darren Fletcher effectively ensured all three points and successive league wins for West Brom for the first time since the turn of the year with a third goal just before half-time.

Salomon Rondon got the goal his performance deserved in the second half to complete the rout and Pulis could even afford the luxury of taking off the Venezuela international with 12 minutes remaining to give him extra rest ahead of the trip to Hull at the weekend.

West Brom, unchanged after winning at champions Leicester prior to the international break, made the perfect start.

Dean Marney tried to cut out a low Morrison cross into the penalty area, but poked the ball straight to Phillips on the edge of the six-yard box and he was able to turn away from Ben Mee and find the yard of space he needed to fire a rising shot into the roof of the net.

Immediately afterwards Tom Heaton, one of two England goalkeepers on duty with Ben Foster in opposition, smothered a volley from Chris Brunt as the hosts piled on the pressure during the opening stages.

Chelsea made it six consecutive victories and six clean sheets in the Premier League as they beat Middlesbrough 1-0 to move to the top of the table.

Diego Costa scored the only goal of the game -- his 10th of the season -- to hand the Blues the victory, which takes them one point ahead of Liverpool and Manchester City at the division's summit.

The opening stages of the first half at the Riverside Stadium were an even affair with both teams looking to get forward but lacking in the final third -- Alvaro Negredo up one end, and Victor Moses down the other, finding space for strikes but missing the target.

Chelsea, however, upped their game at the midway point of the first period, with one well-worked move seeing Eden Hazard -- on his 150th Premier League appearance -- pick out the run of Moses, who then fed the ball across to Pedro, but Victor Valdes was able to turn the Spaniard's strike over the bar with an excellent save.

The Blues continued to attack as the half wore on but Valdes was again on hand to thwart them -- smothering a Pedro cross with Hazard waiting to pounce before getting down low to stop a Marcos Alonso strike.

A rare chance fell Middlesbrough's way after 36 minutes but Negredo could only head wide after arriving to meet an Antonio Barragan delivery.

Victor Anichebe was Sunderland's hero as they completed back-to-back Premier League victories despite the Stadium of Light briefly failing to live up to its name.

Anichebe's double after Jermain Defoe had racked up his 150th Premier League goal sealed a priceless win over fellow strugglers Hull and gave the Black Cats, who had Papy Djilobodji sent off for a second bookable offence in stoppage time, renewed hope of dragging themselves out of trouble.

However, they were left sweating when the floodlights went out, prompting a unscheduled nine-minute second-half break.

After order was restored, David Moyes' side killed off the game through the excellent Anichebe to claim their first three-point haul of the season at home in front of a crowd of 41,271 and ease themselves to within two points of the visitors.

On a day when Sunderland honoured 80-year-old Charlie Hurley, captain of the 1964 promotion team, the focus quickly shifted to the present and a future which remains uncertain.

Black Cats keeper Jordan Pickford was called upon for the first time with less than two minutes on the clock when Dieumerci Mbokani showed Djilobodji a clean pair of heels to test him at his near post.

Sunderland threatened sporadically through the muscular Anichebe as he targeted 17-year-old league debutant Josh Tymon wide on the Hull left, but they were desperately unfortunate not to be awarded a 17th-minute penalty when keeper David Marshall appeared to trip Duncan Watmore as Ahmed Elmohamady attempted to shepherd a back-pass to him.

The Tigers almost capitalised on their escape when Sam Clucas pounced upon an error by Didier Ndong to prompt a 19th-minute save from Pickford with Sunderland at sixes and sevens.

Fast-starting Watford inflicted Premier League champions Leicester's sixth defeat of the season with a 2-1 win at Vicarage Road.

Etienne Capoue scored after 33 seconds and Roberto Pereyra's fine strike after 13 minutes doubled the advantage.

Jamie Vardy was felled for a penalty converted by Riyad Mahrez two minutes later, but the Foxes never really looked like finding an equaliser as Watford responded from the 6-1 loss at Liverpool.

Leicester still have more points than Chelsea, their predecessors as champions, did at the same stage last season. The Blues had 11 after 12 games, but are too close to the drop zone for Claudio Ranieri's liking.

Striker Islam Slimani was absent with a minor groin problem, but may be available for Tuesday's clash with Club Brugge, when Leicester bid to reach the Champions League knockout stages.

They will have to play a lot better than they did here.

The Foxes resumed following the international break in 14th place, but their travelling supporters - almost all of them resplendent in matching blue and white woolly hats - were keen to remind their hosts of their status.

They sang: 'Champions of England, you'll never sing that'. But almost as soon as the chorus had begun, Leicester were behind.

Pereyra crossed from the left, Troy Deeney flicked the ball on and the on-rushing Capoue stretched out his right boot to meet it on a half-volley and score.

Leicester's defence, impermeable last season, had holes throughout and Ron-Robert Zieler in goal does not have the same presence as the injured Kasper Schmeichel.

There were chances for Watford before Pereyra cut in from the left and fired an inswinging right-foot shot into the far corner.

Liverpool were forced to settle for a goalless draw at Southampton on Saturday as they dominated the hosts without being able to find a breakthrough.

Jurgen Klopp's side remain top of the Premier League, ahead of Manchester City by virtue of scoring more goals, but could be replaced at the summit by Chelsea if the Blues can win at Middlesbrough on Sunday.

The visitors dominated large periods of the contest at St Mary's, as former Saints trio Dejan Lovren, Nathaniel Clyne and Sadio Mane all started for Liverpool.

Roberto Firmino was guilty of missing the best chance to wrap up the points for Liverpool to secure their spot at the top, while Charlie Austin headed wide for Southampton, who offered very little going forward.

Another former Southampton man, Adam Lallana, was missing after picking up an injury in England's draw with Spain on Tuesday night but it was Mane -- who scored twice as Ronald Koeman's Saints came from two goals behind to win this fixture 3-2 last season -- who had the best chance in the opening half an hour.

The Senegal international hit Georginio Wijnaldum's pass first time only to see Fraser Forster leap to his left and paw his shot away.

Coutinho, fresh from a stunning goal for Brazil, attempted one of his trademark strikes but could only scuff it wide before Virgil van Dijk did well to prevent Mane breaking through on goal.

The visitors were now on top, with Southampton only offering glimmers on the counter-attack, and Wijnaldum flashed a shot over from 25 yards on the stroke of half-time.

Mark Clattenburg had irked the home fans with a number of decisions in the first half but they were lucky the official did not award Liverpool a penalty right after the interval.

Yaya Toure returned from his Manchester City exile to inspire a 2-1 victory at Crystal Palace that maintains their pursuit of the Premier League title.

The midfielder was a surprise inclusion in Pep Guardiola's starting XI - making his first Premier League appearance of the season - and justified his selection by scoring each of the goals that brought them level on 27 points with league leaders Liverpool.

Substitute Connor Wickham's second-half finish briefly took Palace level. Toure then responded by delivering the statement he needed when scoring second-placed City's winning goal to ensure Palace would suffer a fifth successive defeat.

The midfielder's unexpected place in City's line-up - his only previous first-team appearance this season came in their 1-0 Champions League defeat of Steaua Bucharest on August 24 - followed his recent apology for "misunderstandings of the past".

His agent Dimitri Seluk had been vocal in his criticism of Guardiola, who he said had "humiliated" Toure by omitting him from their Champions League squad.

There was also a rare start for long-serving captain Vincent Kompany, but the defender only lasted until the 37th minute when a suspected head injury - team-mate Claudio Bravo clattered him when each challenged for the ball - meant he was replaced by Pablo Zabaleta.

Palace have had injury problems of their own and as they attempted to avoid another defeat, goalkeeper Wayne Hennessey was also recalled in place of the injured Steve Mandanda, making his first appearance since September.

Everton defender Seamus Coleman snatched an 89th-minute equaliser to crush Swansea's hopes of a first league win since the opening day of the season.

The Welsh club's long wait for three points goes on after Gylfi Sigurdsson's penalty was cancelled out after a late defensive lapse from Jordi Amat in the 1-1 draw at Goodison Park.

As a result new manager Bob Bradley became the first Swans manager in the Premier League to fail to win in his first five games, having taken just two points since assuming control.

And, if the American thought things could not get any worse, his side dropped to bottom place after Sunderland's victory over Hull.

It was cruel on the visitors, who had limited a lacklustre Everton to few chances, but as the second half wore on they invited more pressure and their fragile confidence was eventually exposed.

For 88 minutes it had all looked so much better as Sigurdsson's penalty capped an uncomfortable few days for Phil Jagielka, one of the players caught up in the furore of England team-mate Wayne Rooney's late-night drinking while on international duty, as he made the mistake which led to the visitors' breakthrough.

Bradley made eight changes from the side which lost to Manchester United last time out, including South Korean Ki Sung-yueng, who suggested while on international duty the club was in "crisis''.

On that evidence they should have been the ones struggling to find rhythm against higher-placed opponents who made half the number of alterations, but they actually dominated possession after Romelu Lukaku's early half-chance.

Sigurdsson looked dangerous both from set-pieces and open play, having one free-kick deflected over by the wall, with Amat heading wide from the resulting corner.

The Iceland midfielder's value to the side cannot be under-estimated as, since joining Swansea, he has scored or assisted 37 of their 99 Premier League goals.

Harry Kane brought Tottenham back from the dead by scoring twice in the last two minutes to snatch a thrilling 3-2 victory over West Ham.

Spurs looked on the brink of defeat when Manuel Lanzini's 68th-minute penalty put the Hammers 2-1 ahead and they remained in front with one minute of normal time remaining, but Kane's double, the second also a spot-kick, completed a dramatic turnaround at White Hart Lane.

Tottenham academy graduate Harry Winks had earlier cancelled out Michail Antonio's opener with a goal on his first Premier League start for the club as Mauricio Pochettino's men recorded their first victory in eight matches.

Winston Reid was sent off in injury-time to round off a pulsating London derby that leaves West Ham 17th in the table, one point above the relegation zone, while Spurs sit fifth and three points off the top.

Kane's double means he now has five goals in the league already this season and three in two games since coming back from a seven-week lay-off with an ankle injury.

The striker's potency in front of goal has been desperately lacking in recent weeks and Pochettino will hope his return to form, combined with this adrenaline-pumping win, will be enough to lift Tottenham out of their recent slump.

For West Ham, it comes as a crushing defeat but Slaven Bilic will at least take heart from his side's determined display, that yielded more than one goal for the first time in seven Premier League games.

These clubs' rivalry has been ramped up in recent months, with one already in a new home and the other soon to move, and West Ham's travelling support could hardly not have noticed the towering cranes overlooking Tottenham's fast-growing arena next door.

The Hammers' problems in adjusting to the London Stadium have, however, surely been less significant than those on the pitch, not least their struggles in front of goal where still not one of the club's strikers has scored in 18 matches this season.

Substitute Ashley Barnes pounced four minutes into injury time to grab another last-ditch three points for Burnley in a five-goal thriller against Crystal Palace at Turf Moor.

The visitors had hauled themselves back from an early two-goal deficit through Christian Benteke's 82nd-minute penalty, only for Barnes - an 85th-minute replacement for Jeff Hendrick - to smash the winner from a Johann Gudmundsson cross.

It completed the second straight Turf Moor late show from Sean Dyche's side after Scott Arfield struck a last-minute winner against Everton a fortnight ago.

Palace's fourth straight defeat had looked increasingly likely after Sam Vokes and Gudmundsson fired the Clarets into a 2-0 lead inside the first quarter of an hour.

But Connor Wickham reduced the deficit with his first touch after replacing Jason Puncheon on the hour mark, then Benteke looked to have sealed the Eagles' revival before Barnes intervened in spectacular fashion.

Burnley grabbed the lead with less than two minutes on the clock when Matthew Lowton broke directly from a Palace corner and crossed for Gudmundsson, whose ball back into the box was eventually tapped home from close range by Vokes.

Palace responded by forcing a second corner from which Joel Ward came close, before Benteke set up Jason Puncheon for a rasping effort which was well saved by Heaton at the second attempt.

Heaton, star of the Clarets' goalless draw at Old Trafford last week, saved his side again two minutes later when he produced a great low save to deny Wilfried Zaha.

But all the Eagles' pressing came at a price as they left themselves alarmingly open to the counter-attack, and it was a weakness Burnley exposed again in the 14th minute.

Eden Hazard scored twice as a dominant Chelsea inflicted a 5-0 thrashing on Everton at Stamford Bridge to move to the top of the Premier League table.

The Blues recorded a fifth straight league victory -- thanks to Hazard's brace and goals from Marcos Alonso, Diego Costa and Pedro -- and a fifth consecutive clean sheet to go a point clear of Manchester City, who conceded a last-minute equaliser to Middlesbrough earlier on Saturday.

Chelsea looked up for it from the off and found themselves in front in the 19th minute, with Hazard cutting in from the left before squeezing the ball past Maarten Stekelenburg with a low strike into the bottom corner.

And within just 70 seconds, Antonio Conte's side were then two up as Pedro picked out Alonso in the box, who slotted the ball through the legs of Stekelenburg.

Chelsea had a chance to make it three when Alonso found Victor Moses unmarked at the far post, but the Nigeria international's strike crashed back off the woodwork.

It was three just before half-time, however, with Costa getting in on the act, smashing the ball home for his ninth Premier League goal of the season after Nemanja Matic had flicked on a Hazard corner.

Manchester United and Jose Mourinho returned to winning ways with a 3-1 victory at Swansea.

Paul Pogba's blistering volley and a Zlatan Ibrahimovic double -- his first Premier League goals since Sept. 10 -- put United in cruise control inside 33 minutes and secured a first win in five league games.

Ibrahimovic, whose first goal was the 25,000th in the competition's history, tarnished his day with a fifth booking of the season, ruling him out of the home game with Arsenal on Nov. 19.

Swansea later reduced the deficit through Mike van der Hoorn's 69th-minute header.

On the 30th anniversary of Sir Alex Ferguson's appointment as United manager, current boss Mourinho was forced to sit in the stand after accepting two Football Association misconduct charges.

United had not scored in three Premier League games, but Swansea are probably the opposition that any stuttering team would pick to face at the moment.

Their 10-game winless sequence marks the worst run since they joined the Premier League in 2011, and they would have dropped to bottom place but for Van der Hoorn's goal keeping them above Sunderland on goal difference.

Hit by injury and suspensions, Mourinho shuffled his pack and made five changes from the side held by Burnley in the previous league game.

Phil Jones and Michael Carrick made their first league starts of the season and Wayne Rooney returned after being out of the starting lineup since Sept. 18.

Rooney was prominent in the opening exchanges, almost setting up Gylfi Sigurdsson with an errant pass across the face of his own box and then curling just wide at the other end.

Swansea had also made four changes of their own after a miserable defeat at Stoke but the curious decision to shift Sigurdsson, their most creative player, out to the left from his customary central position reduced their attacking threat.

The pattern of the game was set, with United on the front foot, and Pogba rewarded that superiority with a sublime 15th-minute strike.

The France international chipped a pass into Rooney's path and, although Van der Hoorn beat Ibrahimovic to his layoff, the France midfielder had followed up to unleash a terrific 20-yard volley for his second league goal.

Marouane Fellaini almost doubled United's lead with another volley, but the second goal soon arrived.

Rooney fed Ibrahimovic from the left and he shrugged off Ki Sung-Yueng to deliver a low drive that Lukasz Fabianski in the Swansea goal might have dealt with better.

It was a landmark goal in Premier League history but, more importantly for Ibrahimovic, it was the end of a goal drought in the league that stretched back more than 10 hours.

Ibrahimovic only had to wait until the 33rd minute for his next goal with Rooney again the provider, the Swede powering through Angel Rangel's timid tackle to fire high past Fabianski.

The mood began to turn ugly among Swansea supporters as they turned on board members who sold their shares to the club's new American owners in the summer.

But they at least had a goal to celebrate after the break when Sigurdsson swung a free-kick into the box and Van der Hoorn escaped the attentions of Pogba and Jones.

Ibrahimovic was booked for fouling Leroy Fer before United almost punished Swansea again when Juan Mata slotted Rooney's pass just wide.

Marten de Roon headed a last-gasp equaliser as Middlesbrough snatched a 1-1 draw against Premier League leaders Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium.

Sergio Aguero's 150th City goal just before the interval had looked like earning the hosts another three points but Pep Guardiola's men paid the price for failing to kill off the game.

City had 18 shots to Middlesbrough's none in the first half but their intensity dropped after the break and they were caught out when De Roon headed in Stewart Downing's cross in injury time.

Prior to that Boro had created few clear-cut opportunities but they were never out of the game as City's midweek exertions against Barcelona perhaps caught up with them.

That had seemed the case early on as City, who apparently rested Raheem Sterling, made a sluggish start.

But with Boro having arrived seemingly expecting an onslaught and setting up accordingly, often with 10 men in the box, they allowed City to take charge.

The hosts dominated possession and the chances eventually began to come in waves. Kevin De Bruyne had a free-kick blocked, Fernandinho fired a shot wide and Ilkay Gundogan failed to find the target after a good break down the right.

Hull finally enjoyed the winning feeling again as they ended a six-game losing streak in the Premier League with a 2-1 success over Southampton.

The Tigers had endured a wretched run that left them without a win since August but goals from Robert Snodgrass and Michael Dawson in the space of two second-half minutes stopped the rot and gave boss Mike Phelan a first three points since being named permanent manager.

Whether the win was deserved is another matter, as Southampton controlled the majority of the game and Hull's goals came from their only two shots on target, but it was enough to see them draw level on points with 17th-placed West Brom.

Saints boss Claude Puel will be left scratching his head at just how they lost this game as they were 1-0 up and cruising thanks to Charlie Austin's early penalty before being hit by Hull's two-punch combination, while they also laid siege to Hull's goal late on.

It was Austin's fifth goal in seven Premier League games and might make Gareth Southgate sit up and take notice when he names his England squad later today. The striker's chances of a call-up would have been even further enhanced had he managed to convert three late opportunities to rescue a point.

Austin had started the game in better fashion as he gave Saints a sixth-minute lead. Maya Yoshida burst into the box and was wiped out by Curtis Davies, with Austin converting coolly from the spot.

Hull's plight was not helped by suffering more injury woe as they lost front two Abel Hernandez and Will Keane to injury inside the opening 20 minutes and it severely restricted their creativity, with Fraser Forster not tested at all in the opening 45 minutes.

Instead, it was Southampton who continued to dominate and pushed for a second, but Tigers goalkeeper David Marshall made good saves to deny Jordy Clasie twice and then Austin again.

The start of the second half saw no let-up in the away pressure and Virgil van Dijk headed on to the top of the crossbar from a corner as Southampton searched for a decisive second.

Yet, despite being in total control, somehow Southampton found themselves losing just after the hour as Hull hit them with a two-goal salvo in the space of two minutes.

Snodgrass drew them level in the 61st minute when he fired home from 12 yards after good work down the left by Sam Clucas.

And then Snodgrass turned provider immediately afterwards as he delivered an inviting free-kick which Dawson headed past a helpless Forster.

Suddenly Southampton found themselves chasing the game and they came close to levelling when Austin found space on the edge of the area, but his low drive was met by the firm hand of Marshall.

Austin had further efforts - another saved by Marshall and one blocked by Dawson - but this was not to be Southampton's day as Hull held on for a rare win.

Stoke denied West Ham a third straight victory at the London Stadium after substitute Bojan Krkic's strike secured a 1-1 draw.

The hosts looked to be heading for a much-needed victory after Glenn Whelan's second-half own goal.

But erratic goalkeeping from Adrian then led to Stoke's equaliser, taking the visitors up to 11th in the Premier League and leaving 16th-placed West Ham just four points off the bottom three.

An underwhelming opening half belied the fact that, after each of these teams experienced difficult starts to the season, their results had recently improved.

Defeat in their most recent fixture, at Everton, had ended the hosts' run of three consecutive wins, while Stoke had won their past three and not lost in five.

Any sense of momentum, however, was largely absent. Only a 27th-minute header from West Ham's Angelo Ogbonna -- well saved by Lee Grant -- and Dimitri Payet's narrowly-off-target free-kick on the stroke of half-time left any impression.

The second half started at a similarly pedestrian pace, with both sides appearing short of confidence and unwilling to take the sort of risks which might have brought the game to life.

Victor Anichebe inspired rock-bottom Sunderland to their first win of the season and lifted some of the pressure on David Moyes.

Anichebe, whose only notable contribution this term had been a Twitter gaffe after the recent defeat at West Ham, was handed a first Premier League start at Bournemouth by under-fire manager Moyes.

And the former Everton striker responded with his first goal in 18 months, to cancel out Dan Gosling's opener, before winning the penalty which Jermain Defoe dispatched to seal a 2-1 victory.

The win was all the more remarkable given Sunderland had Steven Pienaar sent off with half an hour to go for a crude challenge on Junior Stanislas.

The Black Cats remain at the foot of the table but Moyes can at least breathe again amid reports claiming he could be sacked if they had lost at Dean Court.

A victory certainly did not look on the cards after 11 minutes when Bournemouth took the lead.

Harry Arter forced Jordan Pickford into a fine save with a fierce drive but Sunderland switched off from the corner, which Bournemouth took short.

A Harry Kane penalty stopped Arsenal going top of the Premier League as Tottenham Hotspur earned a 1-1 draw in the North London derby.

The Gunners took a first-half lead through Kevin Wimmer's own goal but Kane, on his return from injury, ensured a share of the spoils for the visitors with a second-half spot-kick.

Tottenham were boosted by the return of Kane but dealt a late blow when Dele Alli was ruled out because of injury, meaning a first Premier League appearance of the season for Wimmer.

Meanwhile Arsenal made three changes with Nacho Monreal, Granit Xhaka and Theo Walcott returning to the side in place of Kieran Gibbs, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Mohamed Elneny.

The game started at a high tempo with Spurs creating the better chances in the early exchanges, Kyle Walker heading over and Son Heung-Min playing a ball across Arsenal's six-yard box that was just beyond Kane's reach.

In the 21st minute Kane's first clear chance, a diving header from a well-weighted Christian Eriksen cross, went narrowly wide as Tottenham made the most of the space they were being afforded on the wings.

After riding out the Tottenham's dominant spell Arsenal began to grow into the game and looked effective on the counter-attack; Alex Iwobi shooting tamely at Hugo Lloris before Theo Walcott struck the inside of the post with a ferocious effort.

And that pressure paid off when Mesut Ozil whipped in a free kick from the right-wing that Wimmer, in his efforts to beat Laurent Koscielny and Alexis Sanchez to the ball, headed into his own goal.

Liverpool went top of the Premier League with a convincing 6-1 victory against Watford courtesy of goals from Philippe Coutinho, Emre Can, Roberto Firmino, Georginio Wijnaldum and a brace from Sadio Mane before Daryl Janmaat scored a late consolation for the Hornets.

Thanks to Manchester City and Arsenal both dropping points this weekend, Jurgen Klopp's side knew they could go into the international break as league leaders should they win, and they took the opportunity with both hands.

Liverpool set the tone early on as Lucas forced a save from Heurelho Gomes and Coutinho shot narrowly wide before Mane opened the scoring with a well-directed header from Coutinho's corner in the 27th minute.

Three minutes later Coutinho produced a fine low shot to double Liverpool's lead and put them in a commanding position.

And the afternoon soon got worse for Watford as Gomes limped off to be replaced by Costel Pantilimon.

Matt Phillips ended Leicester's 20-game unbeaten home league run as West Bromwich Albion clinched a 2-1 win at the King Power Stadium.

The winger cashed in on Danny Drinkwater's error as the Baggies deservedly became the first side to beat the champions at home in the Premier League since Arsenal did so in September 2015.

Islam Slimani quickly cancelled out James Morrison's second-half opener but Phillips' goal ended Albion's five-match winless streak.

Leicester's focus on the Champions League -- where they need just a point from their final two Group G games to reach the round of 16 -- has impacted on their domestic form, and they were again lacklustre.

Defeat was their fifth of the season -- having lost just three times in last term's title-winning campaign -- and Jamie Vardy was again benched, with the striker now goalless in his last 13 outings after making a substitute appearance.

The win allowed West Brom to leapfrog the Foxes in the table, with Claudio Ranieri's side now just two points above the relegation zone.

They started on the back foot as Ron-Robert Zieler, in for Kasper Schmeichel after the goalkeeper fractured a hand in Wednesday's 0-0 Champions League draw in Copenhagen, tipped Phillips' low drive wide after just three minutes.

The Baggies made an aggressive start, helped by Leicester's sloppy play, with Zieler rusty as he allowed Salomon Rondon to charge down his clearance.

Much as in their forgettable stalemate in Denmark, the Foxes were stifled, with Slimani and the recalled Shinji Okazaki starved of service.

With Vardy benched Leicester lacked the cunning to attack the Baggies as Ahmed Musa and Riyad Mahrez remained on the periphery.

While Darren Fletcher and Claudio Yacob screened the visitors' defence well, Leicester were uncharacteristically subdued for the first half an hour.

The Baggies also struggled to create as chances remained at a premium and Chris Brunt skied well over after 32 minutes.

Zieler continued to live on the edge when he nearly allowed Rondon to close him down again as the Baggies edged the first half without making the breakthrough.

It was the first time Leicester had failed to register a shot on target in the first half since returning to the Premier League in 2014, and in response Ranieri replaced Shinji Okazaki with Vardy at the break.

But the striker's introduction failed to inspire the hosts and the Baggies took the lead seven minutes after the restart.

The visitors' pressure had been growing and fine work from the excellent Rondon saw the ball eventually worked right to Phillips.

His cross struck Christian Fuchs and fell invitingly for Morrison to stoop and glance a fine 10-yard header into the corner.

The lead lasted just three minutes, though, as the Foxes equalised with their first effort of the game.

There was little suggestion they would haul themselves level so quickly but Slimani's crossfield pass found Mahrez and the striker wandered into the area unchecked.

His cross then found his Algeria international teammate who timed his run perfectly to nod in his fifth goal of the season from six yards.

The goal reinvigorated the hosts but the Baggies regained their composure and, after Zieler saved from Craig Dawson, they grabbed the winner with 18 minutes left.

Drinkwater seized on a loose ball on the halfway line but his wretched backpass sent Phillips clear and the winger outpaced Wes Morgan to dink past Zieler for his first Baggies goal.

Dawson almost scored an instant own goal as Ben Foster claimed his miscued clearance and Andy King planted a header straight at Foster with 10 minutes remaining.

Despite desperate late pressure, Leicester could not force a second equaliser.

Alexis Sanchez and Olivier Giroud both hit braces as Arsenal moved to the top of the Premier League table with a 4-1 victory over Sunderland at the Stadium of Light.

Sanchez and Giroud's goals mean the Gunners edge three points ahead of Manchester City -- who play West Brom later on Saturday -- at the division's summit and have stretched their unbeaten run in all competitions to 14 matches.

In contrast, the defeat for Sunderland leaves them rooted to the bottom of the table, while they have now had the joint-worst start to a season in Premier League history over the first 10 games, with their tally of two points equalling Manchester City's haul in the 1995-96 campaign.

Arsenal started Saturday's game on the front foot and created the first chance early on as Sanchez played in Mesut Ozil, but the Germany international was unable to beat Jordan Pickford from a tight angle.

Arsenal were soon rewarded for their early pressure, however, as they took the lead inside the 19th minute, with Sanchez losing his marker in the box before heading an excellent Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain cross into the far corner.

Sunderland almost responded immediately, winning a free kick down the other end in a dangerous position, only for Patrick van Aanholt to bend his effort just wide of the target.

The hosts did have the ball in the back of the net moments later through Jermain Defoe, but the flag had already gone up for offside against the striker and teammate Wahbi Khazri.

Gaston Ramirez scored a solo masterpiece as Middlesbrough reversed their worrying home form with a commanding 2-0 victory over Bournemouth.

Ramirez's first-half effort was a thing of beauty, starting with a brave block deep in his own half and continuing the length of the pitch as Harry Arter, Andrew Surman and finally goalkeeper Artur Boruc were beaten by his drive, guile and craft.

For a side who had taken a single point from their first four games at the Riverside it was a heady moment, followed in the second half by another pleasing move finished by local boy Stewart Downing.

If Ramirez's lung-busting run and delicate finish was the aesthetic choice, Downing's close-range prod packed an emotional punch.

The 32-year-old last scored a Premier League goal for his hometown team in May 2008, in an 8-1 triumph over Sven-Goran Eriksson's Manchester City. In the intervening years much has changed for all concerned.

In all there were 14 Englishmen in the starting sides, though Gareth Southgate, former Boro boss and now interim manager of the national side, was nowhere to be seen.

There were early signs that Ramirez was in the mood, snaffling a loose ball from Arter in the opening seconds and pressing with greater conviction than usual.

On the opposite flank Adama Traore was also causing problems with his direct running but Boro needed Adam Clayton to head off the line after Joshua King clipped a corner goalwards.

Traore had a decent penalty shout in the 18th minute when, after leaving Arter for dead, he drew a sliding tackle from Charlie Daniels.

There did appear to be contact but Traore's tumble was belated and did nothing to persuade Stuart Atwell to point to the spot.

Jack Wilshere, whose case for an England recall is gathering momentum, unlocked the home defence after 27 minutes, scooping a pass over the back four and finding King, who cushioned the ball on his chest.

With Victor Valdes advancing, King volleyed instinctively with the outside of his boot but saw the ball canon back off the crossbar and away.

With Wilshere and Jordon Ibe pushing their side forward, Bournemouth had just started to set the tempo when Ramirez intervened quite brilliantly.

Jose Mourinho cut a frustrated figure in the stands as Manchester United failed to turn supremacy into victory, with Tom Heaton's man-of-the-match display helping Burnley sneak a goalless draw at his former club.

United bounced back from the humiliation at Chelsea with a timely midweek EFL Cup derby win against Manchester City, but hopes of a follow-up victory in the Premier League were thwarted by an in-form academy graduate.

Heaton left United six years ago without a first-team appearance to his name and the 30-year-old returned to haunt United on Saturday, producing a stunning display in the Burnley goal as a pulsating match ended 0-0.

But it is likely as much of the post-match talk will revolve around referee Mark Clattenburg as the Clarets goalkeeper after giving Ander Herrera a harsh-looking second booking having already appeared to send off Mourinho.

The United boss was furious not to be awarded a penalty after a Jon Flanagan challenge on Matteo Darmian late just before half-time, from which he returned in the stands rather than the dugout.

Mourinho's mood is likely to have darkened further as, despite a swathe of attacks, Sean Dyche's side held firm for their first away point of the season.

It was a thoroughly entertaining draw that Antonio Valencia was forced to miss, spending his Saturday afternoon in an operating theatre after sustaining a fractured arm.

Few could have foreseen this match ending goalless when Zlatan Ibrahimovic got away United's first shot after 24 seconds, with Paul Pogba and Juan Mata following up with efforts of their own during a promising opening.

Ibrahimovic volleyed over before an attempt to direct home was denied by Heaton, with stand-in captain Mata seeing an attempt pushed wide.

Andre Gray, Sam Vokes and United academy graduate Michael Keane tried their luck when Burnley attacked, before Johann Berg Gudmundsson met a loose ball with a well-hit volley straight at David de Gea.

The chances were not as clear-cut as those United mustered in the final minutes of the opening period, with Ben Mee forced to block after Ibrahimovic got away a shot following a lovely one-two with Pogba.

The pressure did not stop there as Jesse Lingard brought a wonderful one-handed save out of Heaton, who then tipped a fizzing Pogba strike over the bar.

Mourinho was incandescent not to have the chance to face him from the spot as Darmian went down under pressure from Flanagan, introduced minutes earlier following an injury to Stephen Ward.

Such anger is reported to have led the United boss to watching the second half from the stands, hopping around seats near the bench before settling on the directors' box.

As Mourinho got comfortable in his new vantage point Luke Shaw got back superbly to deny Gray and Scott Arfield wasted a glorious chance, but United were now laying siege to Burnley's goal.

Heaton's inspired afternoon continued as Mata was denied a similar goal to Wednesday's against City, before handball appeals against Keane falling on deaf ears as the hosts continued to press.

United, whose manager was passing notes down to the bench, were denied once more in the 61st minute, with Burnley's goalkeeper spreading himself superbly to stop an acrobatic Ibrahimovic strike.

Mata saw a snapshot come back off the post and Ibrahimovic's looping header hit the crossbar, before United's challenge was made all the more difficult.

Herrera, booked in the first half for a challenge on Dean Marney, was given a second yellow for catching the Burnley midfielder again - a harsh-looking decision considering the Spaniard seemed to slip.

Referee Clattenburg was finding himself under scrutiny as tempers frayed, with Ashley Barnes and Darmian claiming penalties at opposite ends, before Marouane Fellaini and Wayne Rooney were introduced.

Barnes came close for Burnley but the Reds kept pushing for a winner, with Pogba seeing an attempt hacked clear before Daley Blind's drive was deflected just over.

Shaw curled just wide and Ibrahimovic just could not get on the end of a far-post cross, with Rooney firing over from a stoppage-time free-kick routine.

Eden Hazard scored a goal and created another as Chelsea beat Southampton 2-0 at St Mary's to move up to fourth in the Premier League table.

Hazard netted the first and set up Diego Costa for the second as Chelsea saw off a Southampton side that were unbeaten in their previous five league games to leapfrog Tottenham and move one point off leaders Manchester City.

Hazard opened the scoring in the sixth minute, receiving the ball from Victor Moses before turning a defender and sending his strike through the legs of Fraser Forster.

Southampton responded well to falling behind, dominating much of the possession in the first half though they struggled to break Chelsea's defence down.

A half-chance fell Charlie Austin's way shortly after the opener but he headed a delivery well wide, while Dusan Tadic saw a free kick tipped around the post on the half-hour mark by Thibaut Courtois.

Chelsea were happy to sit back and play on the counterattack, which brought them two more opportunities towards the end of the half.

Hazard had a strike at goal comfortably saved by Forster after causing some problems for the Saints defence, before the keeper was then called into action again, this time denying Costa after he had been played in by Nemanja Matic.

A late own goal by Hull captain Michael Dawson handed Watford victory over the Tigers in a largely uninspiring match at Vicarage Road.

Mike Phelan's visitors have now lost six Premier League games in succession but this 1-0 defeat was nothing like the recent routs they suffered on the road at the hands of Liverpool and Bournemouth.

Having lost the previous five by an aggregate scoreline of 19-3 they were resolute here until Dawson inadvertently directed Nordin Amrabat's shot past David Marshall with just seven minutes remaining.

Watford were not at their best, despite manager Walter Mazzarri declaring any potential Football League sanctions for the alleged falsifying of a financial document would not affect his players on the pitch.

Unsurprisingly, it was the in-form Hornets who started the game on top, Younes Kaboul rattling the crossbar with a powerful header inside five minutes and club-record signing Roberto Pereyra clipping the post moments later.

Phelan's side slowly grew into the contest and Ryan Mason forced Heurelho Gomes into his first meaningful save with an effort from just outside the box.

Will Keane then fired over from 30 yards as Hull attempted to get a foothold in the game, with Phelan constantly barking instructions from the touchline.

Watford still looked dangerous when they could work it behind the Hull defence but Sebastian Prodl could only head wide when picked out inside the box by Amrabat.

Amrabat almost accidentally created the opening goal shortly afterwards as his wayward shot was headed into the ground by Troy Deeney but the ball bounced up and over the bar from two yards out.

Watford were again the faster starters after the interval but Pereyra curled well wide when picked out on the edge of the Hull box.

Abel Hernandez then wasted the best chance of the game as he latched onto Keane's header to break through one on one with Gomes but could only hit a tame shot which the Watford keeper saved with ease.

The visitors were working harder and harder to keep Watford out at the other end as their back three stood up well to the physical threat of Deeney and Odion Ighalo, who headed over a half-chance with 20 minutes remaining.

But the Hull backline was finally breached in the cruellest of fashion as Amrabat, man of the match on a dour afternoon of football, hammered in a shot which ricocheted off Dawson and past Marshall.

The win keeps Watford in the top half of the Premier League table and means Hull remain inside the bottom three having not taken a point since a 1-1 draw at Burnley on Sept. 10.

Tottenham's revenge mission against Leicester ended in disappointment as Ahmed Musa earned the Premier League champions a 1-1 draw at White Hart Lane.

Leicester beat Spurs to the title last season and they frustrated Mauricio Pochettino's men again, Musa's second-half equaliser cancelling out Vincent Janssen's first Premier League goal from the penalty spot.

The draw gives Leicester their first point away from home in the league this season while Tottenham have now gone five matches without a victory.

Janssen's goal will come only as a crumb of comfort for Spurs, who have struggled for attacking fluency since beating Manchester City so impressively here at the start of the month.

Harry Kane could be back from injury for the north London derby against Arsenal next weekend and it seems the striker's return cannot come soon enough.

Leicester, meanwhile, are now eight points behind their opponents in the table but they showed some of the old resilience that has been so far lacking in their stuttering title defence.

Their fans certainly delighted in running through an impressive repertoire of triumphant chants before kick-off including, ``Tottenham Hotspur, we're waiting for you'', a response to Spurs supporters hopefully singing ``Leicester City, we're coming for you'' during the run-in last season.

Dele Alli and Danny Rose tested Kasper Schmeichel with two stinging drives early on but, for all Tottenham's possession, they struggled for any clear-cut chances.

Alli went down in the box under pressure from Christian Fuchs but it was little more than a nudge and even the Spurs midfielder appeared unconvinced it deserved a penalty.

Leicester did have a couple of openings, Jamie Vardy unable to get the ball out of his feet when slid through on goal and Shinji Okazaki heading over Riyad Mahrez's cross, but the contest became increasingly fractured by a number of niggling fouls.

Claudio Ranieri's side were most guilty - they committed 14 in the opening 45 minutes alone - and, moments after Alli had crashed Kyle Walker's cross against the crossbar, the visitors conceded a penalty.

Referee Robert Madley adjudged Robert Huth to have pulled down the twisting Janssen, who grabbed the ball purposefully, before driving it hard and straight past Schmeichel.

Tottenham's lead, however, was short-lived. Three minutes into the second half, Leicester equalised as Vardy latched on to Victor Wanyama's wayward header back and then squared for Musa to bundle home his second goal of the season.

Neither side, however, grabbed the ascendancy thereafter. Leicester looked occasionally dangerous on the counter-attack while Spurs' greatest threat came from set-pieces, with Janssen whipping one free-kick onto the roof of the net.

Both sides pushed for a winner in the latter stages and the hosts almost nicked it when Jan Vertonghen's header clipped the top of the crossbar.

Andy King's header was then saved at the back post by Hugo Lloris and Rose's finish hit the side-netting. It was the away supporters still singing at the final whistle.

ends

Pep Guardiola was able to breathe a sigh of relief after the longest winless run of his managerial career ended with a 4-0 victory against West Brom at The Hawthorns.

A first success in seven matches was accompanied by another positive for the former Barcelona and Bayern Munich boss as Sergio Aguero shrugged off speculation regarding his future by ending his six-game goal drought with a first-half double.

After being dropped recently, including against Barcelona in the Champions League, reports had suggested Aguero may be set for a move away from City. However, Guardiola this week insisted the Argentina international remained part of his plans and the striker underlined his importance to the team with a terrific display.

Aguero also had a hand in IIkay Gundogan's goal, which sealed the win at a time when West Brom were threatening to get back into the game. Gundogan then grabbed his second goal of the match in the final minute, which was harsh on the hosts.

For Baggies boss Tony Pulis it was not the way he would have wanted to mark signing a new 12-month contract but there will be easier assignments than facing this slick City side.

It was end-to-end action during the early stages of the first half, before Guardiola's team eventually stamped their authority on the game.

Nacer Chadli steered a shot over the crossbar while Raheem Sterling worked home goalkeeper Ben Foster with a shot from the edge of the penalty area.

A lovely passing move resulted in City having the ball in the net after eight minutes but Nolito's effort was correctly ruled offside.

Nolito could count himself fortunate not to be sent off in the 15th minute after reacting to being fouled by Craig Dawson but referee Lee Mason felt a yellow card was sufficient.

Some superb last-ditch defending from Gareth McAuley denied Aguero a tap-in before Foster saved from Sterling again, this time pushing away a stinging volley. John Stones should have scored from the resulting corner but he put the ball wide at the far post.

City made the breakthrough after 19 minutes when Gundogan's through-ball found Aguero and he beat Foster with a powerful, low shot from a tight angle.

The visitors looked dangerous every time they attacked and Fernandinho was the next to test Foster before McAuley saved a certain goal for the second time, this time getting back on the line to keep out Nolito's clip over the goalkeeper.

It seem inevitable and after 28 minutes the second goal did arrive - and it was a cracker. Aguero moved the ball on to his right foot just outside the area and unleashed a thunderous shot which flew into the top corner of the net.

To say City took their foot off the gas thereafter may not give enough credit to West Brom, who were much improved in the second half.

Chris Brunt, making his first start since February after recovering from a serious knee injury, brought a comfortable save from Claudio Bravo with a free-kick in between two Salomon Rondon efforts which went wide.

Brunt then saw Bravo help another free-kick over the crossbar after 74 minutes as West Brom threatened to set up a grandstand finale.

However, any hope of a comeback was extinguished five minutes later when Aguero's pass flicked off McAuley and into the path of Gundogan, who slotted the ball past Foster from inside the box.

McAuley saw an effort hit a post before Kevin De Bruyne set up Gundogan to add a bit of a gloss to the scoreline and send City back to the top of the Premier League above Arsenal on goal difference.

Wilfried Bony ended his drought with a brace to help Stoke City defeat his former club Swansea in a 3-1 victory on Monday.

The 27-year-old had gone without a goal since Boxing Day, 310 days ago, but the Manchester City loanee kickstarted his career in Staffordshire with his team's first and third goals.

To compound the Swans' misery, both were laid on by Joe Allen, who was heavily linked with a return to South Wales before Stoke swooped this summer, and the Potters' other strike, which arrived after Wayne Routledge's equaliser, came via an Alfie Mawson own goal.

It leaves American boss Bob Bradley with one point from his opening three top-flight fixtures, while Stoke were able to record a third straight triumph after a stuttering start themselves.

Their manager Mark Hughes had hoped a fixture against Bony's old team would see the Ivorian's barren run end given he had found the net in each of his two previous games against the Swans, and in the third minute the familiar feeling was back.

Xherdan Shaqiri's near-post corner was nodded into the air by Neil Taylor and Allen reached it, knocking into the six-yard box with his left foot to leave Bony the simplest of finishes to get off the mark.

Swansea looked like unravelling as Charlie Adam's attempt was blocked by Mawson and Ryan Shawcross nodded at Lukasz Fabianski from a corner cheaply given away by Mike van der Hoorn.

Bradley would have settled for a period of stabilisation, instead he saw an equaliser from the visitors' first attack. The recalled Fernando Llorente held the ball up for Gylfi Sigurdsson and he lifted a cross into Routledge, who managed to outmanoeuvre Phil Bardsley to nod in an eighth-minute leveller.

Everton returned to winning ways as goals from Romelu Lukaku and Ross Barkley secured a 2-0 victory over West Ham United at Goodison Park.

Lukaku kept up his remarkable scoring run against the Hammers by heading the Toffees in front in the 50th minute, getting on the end of Yannick Bolasie's cross after Adrian parried a Seamus Coleman strike.

The Belgium international has a goal a game in appearances for Everton against West Ham -- a run that which has now extended to nine matches.

Lukaku then combined with Barkley in the 76th minute, with the latter firing in at the far post to wrap up a first win in five Premier League games for sixth-placed Everton, while West Ham remain 16th.

With their star man Dimitri Payet to the fore, the away side made a decent start to the contest. The France international produced tidy tee-ups for Michail Antonio and Pedro Obiang that both went unconverted, then brought a save out of Joel Robles -- making his first appearance of the season, in for the injured Maarten Stekelenburg -- with a deflected shot.

Everton's first real show of threat came just after 15 minutes when Bolasie's strike was blocked by Mark Noble's arm and Gareth Barry curled the loose ball over.

Lukaku was then let down by a poor touch in front of Adrian's goal, and Manuel Lanzini skipped through a clutch of players at the other end only to flash the ball harmlessly across the box.

Champions Leicester returned to form in the Premier League as a Christian Fuchs wonder strike capped a 3-1 win over Crystal Palace.

The defender scored his first goal for the Foxes when he fired in a brilliant half-volley from 25 yards as the home side bagged their first league win for over a month.

Ahmed Musa and Shinji Okazaki had put them in control as Jamie Vardy started on the bench before Yohan Cabaye pulled a goal back late on.

Leicester recovered from a slow start after Christian Benteke hit the bar for Palace, while the striker also had a header cleared off the line and was denied by Kasper Schmeichel.

Vardy was benched as he battled a groin injury and came on as a second-half substitute -- the first time he had not started a Premier League game when available since March 2015.

The England forward had not scored in his previous nine games for club and country and Claudio Ranieri opted to take him out of the firing line.

Replacement Okazaki should have opened the scoring inside 90 seconds when presented with a gift by Steve Mandanda.

The Palace goalkeeper swapped passes with Damien Delaney but then miscued a clearance straight to Okazaki but the Japan international could only chip wide from 25 yards.

It was a rare opening as Leicester's league struggles continued in the opening stages, leaving Palace to dictate the play.

Danny Drinkwater and Andy King failed to unsettle the visitors' rhythm, with Andros Townsend a constant threat, and Cabaye fired wide before Benteke rattled the woodwork after 12 minutes.

Wilfried Zaha's shot was blocked and fell to Martin Kelly who crossed for Benteke, whose 10-yard header bounced off the bar with Schmeichel beaten.

The subdued hosts were too open, allowing Zaha and Townsend space to roam although the pair lacked a final delivery.

Slowly, led by Riyad Mahrez, the Foxes began to wrestle back control and Okazaki deflected a Mahrez drive over after 34 minutes as Leicester upped their workrate.

And Musa opened the scoring three minutes before the break as the Nigeria international got his first goal since a £16million summer move from CSKA Moscow.

Ineffective on the right, he moved inside to link up with Islam Slimani and, with Mandanda unsighted by his backpedalling defence, cracked in a low drive in from 18 yards.

Slimani almost doubled the lead two minutes after half-time when his header rippled the side-netting.

Palace's response was muted, with Benteke increasingly starved of service, and Leicester doubled their lead after 63 minutes.

Okazaki had not scored in the Premier League since March but rifled in from 12 yards after Delaney had cut out Drinkwater's cross.

Yet the Foxes lived dangerously as Palace almost pulled a goal back on 73 minutes when Schmeichel saved Cabaye's close-range effort and then, from the resulting corner, Danny Simpson cleared Benteke's header off the line.

But they made the game safe with 10 minutes left when Fuchs scored his brilliant first goal for the club.

There seemed little danger when Benteke cleared a corner as far as the Austrian, but he rifled an unstoppable angled half-volley into the corner from 25 yards.

Benteke was denied by Schmeichel after being put clear but Cabaye did make it 3-1 with five minutes left when he steered in Zaha's cross.

Mahrez also had a chance to put the gloss on the victory, but his injury-time volley was saved by Mandanda.

Scott Arfield's 90th-minute winner gave Burnley more home comforts as they defeated Everton 2-1 at Turf Moor.

The midfielder, only restored to the starting line-up because of an injury to Steven Defour, rifled in after Johann Berg Gudmundsson had struck the crossbar to move the Clarets to 10 points, all of which have been achieved in east Lancashire.

Sam Vokes had earlier punished a Maarten Stekelenburg error - a week after his two penalty saves against Manchester City - to give Burnley a first-half lead before Yannick Bolasie equalised with his first Everton goal.

Visiting boss Ronald Koeman had recalled Ross Barkley after dropping him against City last weekend and, in front of watching England assistant Sammy Lee, his first pass was misplaced.

He was not alone in wasting possession and after Dean Marney had given the ball away, a mix-up between Ben Mee and Michael Keane was almost capitalised on when Kevin Mirallas drilled at Tom Heaton.

The Clarets' stopper came into this game having made a league-high 39 saves and he added another three inside 16 minutes by denying Romelu Lukaku and Barkley.

This was otherwise a scrappy contest disrupted all too often by the whistle of referee Mike Jones, who had little choice but to book Arfield for his cynical foul on Seamus Coleman.

Another challenge from Arfield drew a final warning from Jones and he made the most of it by playing a key role in the 39th-minute opener.

The Canada international latched on to Gudmundsson's flick and went beyond Ashley Williams and, though the Welshman recovered to take the sting out of Arfield's shot, Stekelenburg misjudged the effort and could only weakly palm the ball into Vokes' path.

With the visitors having dominated possession, this had a somewhat similar feel to Burnley's 2-0 win over Liverpool here in August, though the other top-flight club in Merseyside would eventually make a breakthrough.

Barkley was denied a penalty claim and Lukaku nearly reached Mirallas' cross before Bolasie smashed in a 58th-minute leveller.

Burnley's attack broke down at Vokes' feet and when Mee was caught out trying to reach Lukaku, Everton had two men haring down the right. Bolasie took the onus upon himself to carry the ball forward and he rifled a right-footed finish low into the far corner.

The visitors were buoyed by that and Lukaku would have been presented with a tap-in had Keane not nudged Seamus Coleman's centre away from him.

Another delivery, this time from Bolasie on the left, was heading for the Belgian too but Heaton was able to claw the ball out before it reached him.

Bolasie was the best player on the pitch and an audacious attempt from 30 yards out needed Heaton's intervention to help it over the top.

It seemed as if Sean Dyche's side were happy to hang on for a point at that stage but, at the death, Arfield claimed a winner.

Heaton's long free-kick eventually found its way to Gudmundsson and though he struck the crossbar, Arfield converted the rebound by drilling home first time into the far corner from around 12 yards out.

Arsenal wasted a host of chances to toast Arsene Wenger's 67th birthday, labouring to a goalless Premier League draw with struggling Middlesbrough.

Petr Cech kept the toothless Gunners in the match too, producing three vital first-half saves as Arsenal extended their unbeaten run to 12 matches in all competitions.

Mesut Ozil thought he had stolen the points at the death, tapping home in the fourth minute of added time -- only to be ruled clearly offside.

Wenger branded England's top flight a "jungle" in midweek, and here Arsenal's predatory instincts were sadly lacking.

The long-serving Arsenal boss admitted his birthday mood would be completely governed by the Gunners' result. Drawing a blank at the Emirates will no doubt have left the Frenchman hugely frustrated.

Alexis Sanchez wasted two fine chances as Arsenal missed the chance for a seventh successive Premier League victory.

Middlesbrough extended their winless Premier League run to seven matches, but still met their point with unbridled glee.

Cech's status as the man of the first half indicated Arsenal's frustrations and their fortunes to meet the interval with the game still goalless.

Mohamed Elneny blasted just wide from 25 yards, before Ozil fell in the area under Marten de Roon's challenge.

Referee Mike Dean waved away Arsenal's half-hearted penalty appeals, and after that Middlesbrough dominated.

Adama Traore picked Laurent Koscielny's pocket to race clear, only for Cech to stalk forward and produce a fine save.

The former Chelsea goalkeeper then leapt straight to his feet to deny Alvaro Negredo with the follow-up strike.

All credit was due to Cech for the double save, but former Manchester City striker Negrego should have buried the loose ball.

Gaston Ramirez whipped a free kick against the angle of post and bar next as Arsenal continued to wobble.

John Stones was at the centre of the action as Manchester City drew 1-1 with Southampton at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday to go back to the top of the Premier League table.

Stones gifted the Saints their first-half opener and had what he thought was an equaliser ruled out for offside soon afterwards.

There had been little sign of the drama to come in a low-key opening spell that saw City, beaten 4-0 at Barcelona in midweek, struggle to get their passing game going against their hard-pressing visitors.

Southampton goalkeeper Fraser Forster made a confident claim from an early David Silva cross, but threatening moments were otherwise hard to come by until a 15th minute cross from Fernandinho just eluded Raheem Sterling at the far post.

Kevin De Bruyne then failed to find the returning Sergio Aguero with an attempted square pass on the edge of the Southampton area -- and after 27 minutes, disaster struck for Stones.

The England international failed to notice the lurking Nathan Redmond as he played a backpass to Claudio Bravo and Redmond pounced, taking the ball wide of the goalkeeper and finishing coolly.

Six minutes later, Stones thought he had redeemed himself, only for his crisp strike from a De Bruyne free-kick to be ruled out for offside against Sergio Aguero.

City failed to muster an effort on target before the break and manager Pep Guardiola had seen enough, bringing on Kelechi Iheanacho for De Bruyne.

His change paid dividends 10 minutes into the second period when Iheanacho scored his fourth goal in seven matches to level, firing home from Leroy Sane's cross to round off a move that began with a fine long pass by Fernandinho.

Saints boss Claude Puel made his own change after 67 minutes, bringing on Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg for Jordy Clasie but within two minutes he had cause to be grateful to goalkeeper Fraser Forster, whose fine low stop from an Ilkay Gundogan effort kept the scores level.

Saints made a second substitution soon afterwards, bringing on Sofiane Boufal for Dusan Tadic and, within moments, Forster was in action again, beating away an effort from Silva at his near post.

Boufal quickly manufactured a chance for the visitors, rolling the ball across the area to the unmarked Charlie Austin, whose strike was stopped by Bravo.

As the match approached its final 10 minutes, Guardiola took off captain Vincent Kompany, back in the side after missing out on the squad for the Barcelona game altogether, and replaced him with Jesus Navas as he went for an all-out attacking approach.

Aguero almost snatched a late winner when he steered an angled effort across goal and wide, while Southampton took off Austin and brought on James Ward-Prowse as the minutes ticked away.

Guardiola brought on Nolito for Sane as five minutes of injury time began but, despite waves of City pressure that saw Fernandinho fire over from distance and Iheanacho have an attempt charged down, Southampton held on to take a point.

Xherdan Shaqiri's brilliant double secured back-to-back Premier League wins for Stoke, whose 2-0 victory sent Hull spiralling into the bottom three.

Shaqiri ran the show for Stoke, lighting up an otherwise ordinary game with two superb strikes in either half as Mark Hughes' side followed up last week's first league win of the season against Sunderland with their first league success on the road.

It was another chastening experience for Hughes' former Manchester United team-mate Mike Phelan, who on this showing does not possess the calibre of player who can compete with the likes of Shaqiri and Marko Arnautovic.

Hull slipped to their fifth straight Premier League defeat and their second since appointing Phelan on a permanent basis.

Shaqiri fired tamely wide in the opening exchanges and Hull skipper Michael Dawson, making his first appearance of the season following a knee injury, was alert enough to head Erik Pieters' dangerous cross out for a corner.

Will Keane, preferred again up front instead of Uruguay international Abel Hernandez, had Hull's first effort, blocked by Stoke captain Ryan Shawcross, and then headed Ryan Mason's cross well wide.

The first 25 minutes had been so poor it came as a big surprise when, out of nowhere, Shaqiri lifted the tedium with a stunning opening goal.

The Switzerland international was not closed down quickly enough on the edge of the penalty area and took full advantage to curl a brilliant left-footed shot away from Hull goalkeeper David Marshall and inside his near post.

Stoke almost struck again three minutes later. Marko Arnautovic raced on to Shaqiri's ball over the top and when his shot was blocked by Marshall's feet, the ball ricocheted on to Dawson and rebounded back over the crossbar.

Dawson's superb last-ditch tackle denied Wilfried Bony, on a season-long loan from Manchester City, his first goal of the season and Hull were grateful to head into the break just one goal down.

But Phelan's side fell further behind five minutes after the restart following defender Curtis Davies' foul on Shaqiri two yards outside the area.

There was little doubt who would take the free-kick and Shaqiri delivered, curling the ball up and over the wall and inside Marshall's left-hand post.

Bony was denied again when his angled shot flew wide after he had raced clear into the area and Joe Allen, scorer of four goals in his previous three league games, was thwarted at the far post by Marshall's fine save.

Phelan sent on substitutes Hernandez, Harry Maguire and Adama Diomande in quick succession, but it was Stoke, full of confidence now as they appear to have put another slow start to the season behind them, who continued to look the more threatening.

Winston Reid struck in stoppage time to sink Sunderland as West Ham sneaked a 1-0 win over their bottom of the table visitors.

The Black Cats, still without a win this season, withstood an early Hammers onslaught and looked set to emerge with a point and a first clean sheet.

But three-and-a-half minutes into the four added on, New Zealand defender Reid fired through a crowded penalty area to snatch West Ham's second win at their new London Stadium .

Sunderland began the match sitting so deep that the Hammers set up camp in their half and created four clear-cut chances in the opening 10 minutes.

Simone Zaza was close with two headers and Dimitri Payet curled a shot narrowly wide before the Frenchman slalomed through Sunderland's defence to force a fine save from Pickford.

Zaza, yet to score since his switch from Juventus, was put through by Manuel Lanzini but Lamine Kone got back to make a crucial block and thwart the Italy striker.

Payet came even closer just before the half hour when he rifled a low shot through a crowded penalty area only to see it come back off the base of Pickford's post.

Tottenham missed the opportunity to go top of the Premier League as they drew 0-0 at Bournemouth in a game of few clear chances.

In a bright opening on the south coast, Tottenham had the first opportunity when Bournemouth goalkeeper Artur Boruc misdirected a pass and enabled Dele Alli to pick up possession.

The England midfielder played the ball through to Son Heung-Min, but he was flagged offside as Boruc blocked his attempt to prod the ball home.

After six minutes, the home side -- who had won three of their four Premier League games at the Vitality Stadium -- were agonisingly close to going in front.

A short corner was played low into the area for Charlie Daniels to shoot from six yards only for Hugo Lloris to make a superb stop, diverting the divert the ball up onto the crossbar and away.

With a quarter of an hour gone, Jack Wilshere played Callum Wilson into space on the left-hand side of the area and his shot cannoned away off Jan Vertonghen

At the other end brilliant play from Alli, who glided away from a couple of home defenders, gave him space to play the ball through to Erik Lamela, whose curling 25-yarder left Boruc motionless as it glanced off the outside of the post.

A flurry of yellow cards dominated the closing 15 minutes of a frenetic opening period.

Referee Craig Pawson cautioned Lamela for a heavy challenge on Harry Arter and, after Boruc had made a good low save from a deflected Christian Eriksen strike, Vertonghen was booked for tripping Wilson.

Alli followed them after a barge on Adam Smith before Dan Gosling became the first Cherries player booked for a foul on Kyle Walker and then Danny Rose was cautioned for a heavy challenge on Joshua King.

Lamela could have received a second yellow for a challenge on Gosling before, with time running out before the break, Wilson headed a Wilshere cross wide for the hosts.

Tottenham came out firing at the start of the second half and Boruc was called into action within two minutes, diving to push away Alli's strike from outside the area.

At the other end, Eric Dier, in central defence in place of the injured Toby Alderweireld, produced a fine header clear when King's cross seemed certain to give Wilson a great chance, while Lamela fired wide as Tottenham ventured forward again.

Home manager Eddie Howe made the game's first change after the hour, bringing on Max Gradel in place of Jordan Ibe, with Mauricio Pochettino then bringing off Son and replacing him with striker Vincent Janssen.

Cherries substitute Gradel saw an effort charged down and was booked for a challenge on Lamela moments later before Wilson got away down the right but saw his low cross well cleared by Vertonghen.

Moussa Sissoko replaced Alli for Tottenham with 20 minutes remaining, and as the match ticked into its final 15 minutes Rose, joining the attack for the visitors, scuffed a low effort straight at Boruc.

Arter appeared to be caught by an elbow from Sissoko after a touchline challenge, but after consulting his assistant Pawson opted to take no action.

Bournemouth made two more changes, bringing off Wilson and replacing him with Benik Afobe, while King, who had taken a knock, was replaced by Ryan Fraser.

Gradel had a late chance when he seized on a mistake to break down the left for Bournemouth but, with Wilshere in the middle, he delayed his cross and the ball was cleared.

Substitute Afobe then threw himself in vain at a late cross before glancing a header just over seconds later as the Cherries finished with a flourish.

Swansea were unable to mark Bob Bradley's first home game with victory as Watford held them to a goalless draw at the Liberty Stadium.

The result leaves Swansea in the Premier League's relegation zone, but new manager Bradley will be able to draw positives from a performance which almost saw one point turned into three when Gylfi Sigurdsson struck a post late on.

This was Swansea's first clean sheet since the opening day of the season and there was plenty of attacking intent, particularly in the second half when, unlike in the final days of Francesco Guidolin's managerial reign, they kept the foot on the accelerator.

But Watford are made of stern stuff under Walter Mazzari and the Hornets' record now stands at one defeat in six games after a resilient defensive display in which Younes Kaboul and goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes were exceptional.

Swansea were playing their 100th Premier League game at the Liberty Stadium and they could take encouragement from the fact Watford had not taken three points in this corner of south Wales since 1983.

Bradley also saw his new charges start at a good tempo, even if chances were hard to fashion against Hornets' opponents fresh from keeping their first clean sheet in 13 games at Middlesbrough.

Gomes felt he had to help Modou Barrow's effort around a post, despite it appearing to be veering away from goal, and the Watford defence was opened up by an incisive passing move before the final ball was placed too far in front of Borja Baston.

Sigurdsson had a sight of goal after Kyle Naughton robbed Troy Deeney and played a square ball into his path, but Gomes was equal to the Icelander's 20-yard shot and caught the ball comfortably.

Watford looked for the link-up play between Deeney and Odion Ighalo whenever they could and Swansea's new central defensive axis of Mike van der Hoorn and debutant Alfie Mawson had to remain vigilant.

But Watford's first-half threat amounted to free-kicks from Etienne Capoue and Kaboul, neither of which tested Lukasz Fabianski in the Swansea goal.

Swansea were keen to utilise Barrow's pace after the restart and the signs were positive as the Gambian combined well with right-back Naughton and began to attack Jose Holebas down the flank.

Naughton's cross set up an audacious overhead kick from Borja which sailed harmlessly wide and the decibel levels rose as Sigurdsson found space to deliver a shot blocked by Valon Behrami.

But Watford were a threat on the break and Naughton twice got in the way after Ighalo tricked his way into the box.

The deadlock was almost broken after 64 minutes when Sigurdsson whipped in a free-kick and Gomes denied Van der Hoorn with his legs from a few yards out, although how much the Brazilian knew about it was open to debate.

Sigurdsson himself was unable to convert an excellent opening from Barrow's cross and, although the winner did not come, it did put to an end Swansea's run of four straight defeats.

Liverpool missed the chance to top the Premier League after a dominant display brought them a 2-1 win at home to West Bromwich Albion -- but not the two-goal margin they had needed to reach the summit.

Jurgen Klopp's side had too much pace and movement for their opponents for large chunks of the game and wanted a penalty in the second minute when Sadio Mane went down under Allan Nyom's challenge but referee Neil Swarbrick said no.

Although Liverpool were monopolising possession in the early stages, they were given a scare when the visitors broke after 13 minutes.

Nacer Chadli found Matt Phillips in space, but his attempted square ball on to striker Salomon Rondon was cut out.

But the home side soon got back onto the front foot with James Milner getting forward to steer an effort just over.

And they were in front with 20 minutes played thanks to a superbly-crafted goal.

A Philippe Coutinho dummy put Emre Can into space, and when he steered a pass to Roberto Firmino, his dinked cross evaded Nyom and was sidefooted past Ben Foster by the unmarked Mane.

As the home side searched for a second, Lallana steered an effort over the bar after some neat footwork inside the West Brom area -- but they did not have to wait for long.

Coutinho was found by Mane and dragged the ball beyond Craig Dawson before sliding his finish inside the far post.

West Brom manager Tony Pulis brought off Claudio Yacob for Chris Brunt at the break, but there was no change to the pattern of the match.

Southampton climbed into the Premier League's top eight with a convincing 3-1 home defeat of Burnley at the start of a period that could define their season.

They maintained the fine form they had displayed before the international break by comfortably outplaying their visitors and securing all three points with two goals from Charlie Austin and another from Nathan Redmond.

Sunday's fixture represented Southampton's first in a run of seven in 22 days, the next of which is among the biggest in their history in the Europa League at Inter Milan.

Their manager Claude Puel has so far consistently rotated his team, but even with Shane Long, James Ward-Prowse and Pierre Emile-Hojbjerg among the substitutes they retained a strong look.

For Burnley there is little question that Premier League survival is their priority, but if they still felt frustrated at the misfortune of their recent 1-0 defeat by Arsenal, they were perhaps lucky not to concede earlier at St Mary's.

First their in-form former striker Austin saw his fifth minute header - from Matt Targett's left-wing cross - well saved when goalkeeper Tom Heaton dived low to tip past the post.

Then in the 31st minute, a long clearance from Southampton's Fraser Forster sent Dusan Tadic through on goal against Heaton, where a combination of poor finishing and fine goalkeeping again prevented them taking the lead.

Redmond also threatened, and Austin had lacked composure when wasting another fine chance with a poor finish when through on goal, but half-time arrived and the game remained goalless.

While Southampton had lost Matt Targett to injury - he was replaced by the little-known Sam McQueen - the injury to Burnley's B£8million club-record signing Steven Defour felt more significant, and so it proved.

The young Aiden O'Neill came on in his place, and from that point the hosts' dominance increased.

Tadic's 52nd-minute corner was headed across goal by Virgil van Dijk, and from there Austin, from his second attempt amid Burnley's desperate defending, finally stabbed his first into the back of the net from directly in front of goal.

Redmond's, in the 61st minute, was of a higher quality. In space in the area after another corner, he waited for the ball to arrive at his feet before sending a low, classy finish into the bottom right beyond Heaton's reach.

Any doubt that remained vanished five minutes later, when Austin calmly finished with a penalty awarded when Johann Berg Gudmundsson brought down McQueen. The goal was his seventh from his past six games.

A consolation arrived for Burnley when they were awarded a penalty in the 72nd minute. Referee Mike Dean felt Tadic had fouled Ben Mee, allowing Sam Vokes to become the first to score against Southampton in 612 minutes.

The reality, however, is it did little to improve their prospects. A third defeat in four leaves them only a point above the bottom three, and facing up to a difficult season.

Maarten Stekelenburg saved two penalties as Everton held Premier League leaders Manchester City to a 1-1 draw at the Etihad Stadium.

The Dutch keeper denied Kevin De Bruyne and Sergio Aguero from the spot in an outstanding display and was on course for victory after Romelu Lukaku gave the visitors a shock second-half lead.

City responded with substitute Nolito heading a 72nd-minute equaliser but Stekelenburg thwarted them again when he touched a late De Bruyne effort onto the woodwork.

A draw was probably the least City deserved after controlling most of the game but they have now gone three in succession without a victory having previously won their previous 10 in all competitions.

Lukaku's goal was his sixth in five Premier League games and Everton boss Ronald Koeman will be pleased to have frustrated his old Barcelona team-mate Pep Guardiola.

Guardiola named Sergio Aguero on the bench but City, flowing forward from a three-man back line and with De Bruyne and Raheem Sterling starting after recovering from injuries, looked lively from the outset.

There were danger signs in the opening minutes with Leroy Sane, making his first Premier League start, being denied a penalty after cutting inside Bryan Oviedo.

Yet despite dominating possession and piecing together numerous flowing moves, City struggled to find a way through.

Oviedo deflected a De Bruyne effort over and David Silva also shot narrowly too high. De Bruyne struck a free-kick into the wall.

Steve Cook atoned for a defensive howler by heading Bournemouth's second goal in an eventful 200th club appearance as the Cherries hammered Hull City 6-1.

Junior Stanislas fired a brace to add to goals from Cook, Charlie Daniels, Callum Wilson and Dan Gosling, as Eddie Howe's men romped to their record Premier League victory.

Centre-back Cook gifted Hull possession then clumsily diverted Ryan Mason's speculative effort past the wrong-footed Artur Boruc - before burying a header at the other end just seven minutes later.

Mason's fortunate goal had Hull level at 1-1 and Cook pounding the turf in disbelief. When the Cherries stalwart nodded home Stanislas' free-kick, he relished his quick-fire redemption with a conciliatory wave to the home support.

A dismal showing from Hull leaves Mike Phelan's side without a Premier League win in their last six matches. That this was Phelan's first game as full-time manager after a lengthy caretaker stint made it all the worse.

Bournemouth fired six Premier League goals for the first time amid another assured showing dictated by midfield marshal Harry Arter.

The 26-year-old picked the right day to conduct the tempo, with Ireland boss Martin O'Neill no doubt an impressed spectator.

Cherries manager Howe's possession-based blueprint owes everything to link men Arter and Andrew Surman, the two deep-lying midfielders a constant outlet for their team-mates.

Bournemouth immediately hit their attacking straps, the relentless Arter kick-starting every fluid move.

Stanislas curled a free-kick off a post and Daniels buried the follow-up to hand the hosts the ideal start.

Hull spent the next 25 minutes chasing shadows as Eddie Howe's possession play took hold, Jordon Ibe growing in confidence if not end-product.

Manchester United and Liverpool played to a rare goalless draw in their heated rivalry as neither side could find a breakthrough at Anfield on Monday night.

United keeper David De Gea made a few excellent saves as the matchup ended 0-0 for the first time since September 2005, a run that spanned 27 fixtures between the teams.

United started on the front foot but could only manage a few long-range efforts from Zlatan Ibrahimovic in a first half with plenty of hard tackles but few chances at goal.

Liverpool started showing signs of life after half an hour when Jordan Henderson sent a long cross toward Roberto Firmino, but the Brazilian's header was straight at De Gea.

The second half began with a near-howler from Liverpool keeper Loris Karius, whose poor pass went straight to Paul Pogba, but the Frenchman's pass to an offside Ibrahimovic ended the threat.

Ibrahimovic then had a clean look at goal in the 55th minute as he met a superb Pogba cross but could not put his header on target from four yards out.

Joe Allen's scoring streak continued as his double gave Stoke City a first Premier League victory of the season over winless Sunderland.

The Wales international shrugged off concerns over a hamstring problem with first-half goals that took his tally to five in four games for club and country, as Mark Hughes' men secured a 2-0 triumph in their eighth league fixture.

It was enough to at least temporarily move them out of a relegation zone that is still occupied by their opponents, who gave little evidence that a first Premier League win of the David Moyes era is around the corner.

Hughes had suggested Allen had "probably done a little bit too much" during the international break but any fears his form would disappear were dispelled within eight minutes.

The Potters arrived into this contest having failed to score a first-half league goal this term but that was soon remedied as their first attack culminated in an opener which was far too easy.

Xherdan Shaqiri's pass into Marko Arnautovic was not cut out and little was done to prevent the Austrian from clipping the ball to the edge of the six-yard box, where Allen had stolen a march on Patrick van Aanholt to nod home.

Until that point, the Black Cats had looked comfortable and only a brilliant Ryan Shawcross block stopped Jermain Defoe from levelling via a Wahbi Khazri pull-back.

It was defending that was not mirrored at the other end. The visitors were fortunate Geoff Cameron chose the wrong option when waltzing through midfield and Wilfried Bony blazed wide after shrugging off Papy Djilobodji with ease.

Runners were not being tracked, little pressure was put on those in red and white, so it was no surprise a second goal duly arrived prior to the break.

Arnautovic had already slid one effort wide and Cameron had seen Jordan Pickford save brilliantly from a one-on-one opening when Allen scored again.

Shaqiri's corner was headed towards goal by Shawcross and though John O'Shea was able to nod it to the edge of the penalty box, Allen was there to whip a left-footed half volley through substitute Billy Jones' legs and into the net.

Stoke's attacking talent, often subdued this term, flourished early in the second half and Pickford saved from Bony, with Allen's rebound stopped by Djilobodji, while the hosts' on-loan Ivorian then fired wide.

Blocks denied Arnautovic and Shaqiri, with the former also seeing a goal ruled out for offside when he turned Charlie Adam's shot beyond Pickford.

Hughes seemed content to shut up shop with 15 minutes remaining and Allen and Bony were both replaced as Stoke chased an elusive clean sheet.

And it came for the first time in 18 league games, with the only real attempt of note in the closing stages coming at the other end when Adam rattled the crossbar from long distance.

Bob Bradley's first game as Swansea manager ended in defeat as his side were narrowly beaten by 10-man Arsenal in an entertaining clash at the Emirates Stadium.

The Swans had won here on their previous two visits and had not lost away to Arsenal in over five years but, despite threatening a comeback, they succumbed to a 3-2 loss that sent the Gunners level with Manchester City at the top of the table.

Theo Walcott was all-but gifted a brace to put Arsenal in charge but Granit Xhaka, who would later be sent off by referee Jon Moss, handed possession to Gylfi Sigurdsson to bring Bradley's side back into the game.

Birthday boy Mesut Ozil restored Arsenal's two-goal cushion with a well-taken volley but a first Swansea goal for record-signing Borja Baston kept things nervy for the Gunners, who played with 10 men for the final 20 minutes after Xhaka was shown a straight red card for bringing down the impressive Modou Barrow.

Like the last-gasp win at Burnley before the international break, this was in no way a vintage Arsenal display but they held on to secure a sixth consecutive league win and remain unbeaten since the opening weekend of the season.

Shkodran Mustafi headed Ozil's corner against the crossbar before the visitors could have opened the scoring when Leroy Fer was picked out by Kyle Naughton, only for the Holland international to bend a shot over the top of Petr Cech's goal.

Arsenal were soon on top and took the lead as Hector Bellerin headed Sanchez's pass across goal where Jordi Amat dallied, allowing Walcott to nip in and put Arsenal in front from close range.

Dele Alli rescued a late point for Tottenham at West Brom as Spurs missed the chance to go top of the Premier League.

The midfielder struck an 89th-minute equaliser to clinch a 1-1 draw after Nacer Chadli looked to have condemned his former club to defeat.

Chadli, the Baggies' £13million record buy from Spurs in the summer, rammed in with eight minutes left to put the hosts on the verge of a smash and grab.

But Alli turned in a scrappy leveller and Albion were also indebted to goalkeeper Ben Foster after he stopped Spurs from running riot in the first half.

The England international twice saved from Alli and also denied Erik Lamela, Ben Davies and Christen Eriksen.

Foster needed to be at his acrobatic best with Spurs in complete command from the start as Lamela and Vincent Janssen combined for the former to drag his shot across goal.

Eriksen then fired straight at Foster in the opening 15 minutes as Tottenham probed without exploiting Albion, the hosts planting 10 men behind the ball at all times.

Jose Holebas' piledriver condemned Middlesbrough to a fourth defeat in five Premier League outings as Watford snatched a 1-0 victory they scarcely deserved.

The Greece international's 54th-minute strike was of stunning quality, but it came in stark contrast to much of what either side produced during a largely dour 90 minutes.

Middlesbrough created the better of what few opportunities there were and saw four penalty appeals rejected by referee Roger East, some of them with greater merit than others.

But ultimately they were made to pay for failing to produce enough in the final third as the Hornets held sway - they have now taken 10 points from their last five games -- in front of a crowd of 28,131 at the Riverside Stadium.

By contrast, the home side ran out having collected just one point from the previous 12 on offer and knowing that had to change rapidly if they were not to surrender their positive start to the campaign.

The first half unfolded as something of a slog with Aitor Karanka's men dominating possession, but doing little with it.

Stewart Downing scooped a third-minute half-volley over the bar and Gaston Ramirez dragged a left-footed effort wide after exchanging passes with striker Alvaro Negredo three minutes later with the Hornets on the back foot during the early skirmishes.

The Teessiders also had two penalty appeals waved away inside a minute after Negredo went down under the combined attentions of Younes Kaboul and Nordin Amrabat -- the former appeared to have at least one handful of shirt. Downing headed against Amrabat's arm, although from point-blank range, and then whistled a right-foot shot wide from the rebound with Mr East unmoved.

Central defender Ben Gibson came as close as anyone to opening the scoring in the first half with a speculative 35-yard drive on the half-hour, although Negredo might have unwittingly done so two minutes earlier at the wrong end.

Back inside his own penalty area to defend a Watford free-kick, he got to Holebas' cross first and powered a header just over the angle of bar and post in his efforts to clear the danger.

Boro resumed in determined fashion and were appealing for a penalty once again three minutes into the second half when Negredo went to ground under Holebas' challenge, but this time the complaints were muted as the referee waved play on.

Midfielder Adam Forshaw side-footed tamely at keeper Heurelho Gomes after running on to Cristhian Stuani's 52nd pull-back, and Uruguay international Stuani fired just wide from a narrow angle seconds later.

But it was the visitors who took the lead in spectacular style when Holebas latched on to Marten de Roon's clearance and smashed an unstoppable shot high into the top corner, beyond the stunned Victor Valdes.

Ramirez saw further penalty claims waved away after hitting the turf as he was confronted by Miguel Britos eight minutes later. Valdes, who is yet to convince the Boro faithful of his enduring quality, had to field a well-struck Isaac Success shot as time ran down.

Christian Benteke's dream week ended with a nightmare penalty miss as Crystal Palace crashed 1-0 at home to struggling West Ham.

The Belgium striker began the week by scoring the fastest goal in World Cup qualifying history on his way to a hat-trick against Gibraltar, and three days later celebrated the birth of his daughter.

But when handed the opportunity to cap a remarkable seven days by cancelling out Manuel Lanzini's strike, Benteke scooped his spot-kick horribly off target.

The miss condemned Palace to a first defeat in six matches while West Ham were able to climb out of the relegation zone following only their second win of the season.

The only blot on West Ham's evening was a red card for Aaron Cresswell, who was harshly booked for a dive and then shown a second yellow just 48 seconds later.

While the Hammers have struggled to adapt to life at their new London Stadium they certainly seem to enjoy playing at Selhurst Park, making it three wins from their last three visits thanks to Lanzini's first-half goal.

Slaven Bilic's side, who began the weekend with the worst defensive record in the division, lined up with five at the back with midfielder Cheikhou Kouyate providing the extra man.

But that did not stop Jason Puncheon finding a huge gap to play the ball through to Wilfried Zaha, who flashed his shot across goal and wide.

Laurent Koscielny scored a stoppage-time winner after Burnley had appeared set to share the spoils at Turf Moor on Sunday.

With seconds of the game remaining, a corner bounced off defender Koscielny -- with Burnley appealing that the ball had hit his hand -- and went in at the far post after Theo Walcott and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain had got touches.

Both sides had come close in the final quarter of an hour, with the Gunners' Alexis Sanchez striking the outside of a post and Michael Keane smacking a header off the Arsenal bar.

Arsenal had the first chance to break through in a low-key first half, with an angled shot from Sanchez taking a touch off Walcott and rolling wide of the far post in the fourth minute.

Mesut Ozil then scuffed a harmless effort, but Burnley were growing into the game and had a chance of their own after 16 minutes when Jeff Hendrick found George Boyd on the left.

But with players in support, Boyd elected to shoot and drilled the ball well wide of Petr Cech's goal.

Neither side could find the right final pass, with Walcott skewing one attempt across the area before Santi Cazorla, in a promising crossing position, failed to steer the ball past the first Burnley defender.

Ozil slipped just when it seemed he would have the chance to shoot from 20 yards before Burnley made -- and missed -- the best chance of the match so far with five minutes to the break.

Matt Lowton's cross from the right found Sam Vokes unmarked and onside but, from a great position, the big striker powered his header wide of the target from 10 yards out.

Lowton was again involved at the start of the second period when he steered another cross towards Vokes, who was unable to make clean contact -- but Arsenal stepped up the pace and Sanchez had an effort smothered by keeper Tom Heaton before Walcott lashed over.

With 53 minutes on the clock, Alex Iwobi was found in space on the left and cut inside before ballooning a woeful effort miles off target as the visitors again failed to make the most of a promising situation.

And shortly before the hour mark Burnley came agonisingly close making the breakthrough when Petr Cech made a fine one-handed stop as Johann Berg Gudmundsson's firm downward header from a Stephen Ward cross threatened to find its way into the corner.

From the resulting corner, Arsenal had to hack desperately clear after the ball bounced around in a bout of goalmouth pinball.

As the game ticked into its final quarter of an hour, both teams came within a whisker of the opener.

First, a thumping Sanchez strike hit the outside of the post on its way wide, and then Burnley's Keane clattered a header against the Arsenal bar.

Five minutes from the end, Walcott curled narrowly wide with Heaton scrambling after Sanchez had won the ball back inside the Burnley area.

Oxlade-Chamberlain saw a last-ditch effort deflected over the top -- but within seconds, Koscielny snatched the points from the corner.

Watford twice came from behind to draw 2-2 with Eddie Howe's Bournemouth.

Howe this week played down speculation he will succeed Sam Allardyce as England manager and the Cherries boss has more immediate concerns in the Premier League.

Callum Wilson's first-half strike was cancelled out by Troy Deeney. Josh King restored the lead moments after coming off the substitutes' bench, but the Hornets levelled for a second time through Isaac Success three minutes later.

Jack Wilshere might have won the match for the visitors - and put a dampener on Watford head coach Walter Mazzarri's 55th birthday celebrations - but could not hit a gaping goal from six yards out.

If this were an audition for England then Wilson and Deeney stood out, although Holland-born Morocco winger Nordin Amrabat outshone them both. It was not one of Howe's team's better performances.

There were nine England-qualified players in the visiting starting XI, but Wilshere did little to stake a claim for inclusion in Gareth Southgate's squad for the forthcoming World Cup qualifiers with Malta and Slovenia.

Wilson was a handful for Younes Kaboul and Sebastian Prodl from early on.

Prodl fouled Wilson and the resulting inswinging free-kick from Junior Stanislas was tipped over by Heurelho Gomes.

Wilshere's most meaningful contribution in the opening half-hour was a late tackle on Camilo Zuniga which saw the on-loan Arsenal midfielder booked.

The Cherries were rewarded for their perseverance when Adam Smith and Deeney were in a tangle on Watford's left. The ball broke for Stanislas whose cross looped off Jose Holebas and was met by Wilson with a firm downward header which bounced beneath Gomes.

Amrabat was twice denied by Artur Boruc in quick succession, although his shots were straight at the Poland goalkeeper.

Wilson next ran infield and teed up Andrew Surman, who screwed his shot well off target.

Prodl headed wide from a Holebas free-kick before Watford equalised five minutes into the second half.

Amrabat easily took the ball round Charlie Daniels on the right and cut it back for Deeney to tuck in.

Wilshere almost restored the lead, hitting the outside of the post after a run and left-footed shot - his one moment of quality - before the Cherries did score.

King replaced the ineffective Jordan Ibe moments before a twisting and turning run which evaded Valon Behrami. He then struck an ambitious shot which beat Gomes, but only after deflecting off Kaboul.

The advantage was short-lived as three minutes later Bournemouth failed to contest Holebas' free-kick from wide on the left and Success' header drifted in at the far post.

It was the Nigerian's first goal since his club record £12.5 million move from Granada.

The momentum was with Watford. Wilshere could have turned it against the run of play but failed to convert Smith's cross across goal before being replaced.

Holebas looked like he thought about kicking out at Harry Arter off the ball, then realised referee Mike Dean was right next to them.

Stanislas hit the bar with a free-kick and success shot straight at Boruc as the match finished level.

Diego Costa got Chelsea's season back on track with a dominant second-half performance to sink Hull 2-0 at the KCOM Stadium.

The Spain striker set up the opener for Willian on the hour mark then curled home a similar effort six minutes later to end his side's run of two consecutive Premier League defeats.

It was a timely tonic for Blues boss Antonio Conte who had seen his side struggle in a disappointing first half in which they failed to muster a single shot on target.

But for the acrobatics of Thibaut Courtois, who saved from Robert Snodgrass and Ryan Mason, Chelsea could have been heading for another damaging defeat.

Chelsea's underwhelming start to the season had seen the pressure mount on Conte, who admitted on Friday there was ``no magic wand'' to correct this campaign's glaring inefficiencies.

He replaced the misfiring Branislav Ivanovic with Marcos Alonso and handed Victor Moses his first league start for the club since May 2013.

Things were far from happy at Hull, too, with Mike Phelan still stalling on talk of a permanent deal and his side smarting from last weekend's comprehensive 5-1 defeat at Anfield.

But an encouraging start lifted the hosts as a foul by David Luiz set up a free-kick chance for Snodgrass, whose deflected effort was brilliantly tipped over the bar by Courtois.

Luiz was plainly struggling in his deep sweeper role and minutes later he was left trailing by the bright Dieumerci Mbokani, who was handed his full debut along with Markus Henriksen.

Mbokani was just beaten to the ball by the advancing Courtois but the visitors had been served ample warning that Phelan's men were capable of conjuring a shock result.

Willian dragged the ball across the face of goal from a tight angle but Chelsea were struggling to muster any chances of note while the Snodgrass-inspired Tigers continued to impress.

Adama Diomande wasted a half-chance in front of goal then Mason had a shot blocked after the flat-footed visitors' rearguard failed to deal with the initial shot in the box.

Moses saw a penalty appeal waved away by referee Anthony Taylor after tumbling under a challenge from Diomande in the box as the visitors continued to struggle to create any significant chances.

And the hosts ended a relatively comfortable first half with a long-range drive from Mason that was beaten out by Courtois.

But Chelsea looked a different side in the second period, with Eden Hazard firing their first shot on target in the 48th minute with a stinging drive which Hull goalkeeper David Marshall did well to tip over the bar.

The visitors should have grabbed the lead just before the hour mark when Costa rounded the advancing Marshall but saw his shot from a tight angle deflected onto the post by Jake Livermore.

N'Golo Kante was on hand to meet the rebound but somehow contrived to blast his effort over the bar from no more than eight yards out.

But Chelsea grabbed the lead three minutes later when more fine work from Costa found Willian on the left, the Brazilian turned Henriksen and David Meyler before curling a superb shot into the roof of the net.

Chelsea had looked a different side since the interval and they stretched their lead in the 67th minute when Costa blasted home after Nemanja Matic's blocked effort landed perfectly for Costa, who fired home from a similar position.

A superb tackle from Curtis Davies denied Willian a clear run on goal and late substitute Pedro was also denied as the visitors eased to victory.

Crystal Palace had a goal controversially disallowed as their Premier League winning streak came to an end with a 1-1 draw at Everton.

Palace were left questioning the call from referee Jon Moss after his assistant's flag went up when Damien Delaney converted a second-half header and, following a discussion between the two officials, it was decided the effort should not stand.

That was shortly after Christian Benteke had equalised with a superb header of his own, cancelling out Romelu Lukaku's excellent 35th-minute free-kick.

Ronald Koeman's Toffees, looking to bounce back from their first league defeat of the season last time out at Bournemouth, had been the better side in the first half.

Palace -- victorious in their previous three league matches -- upped their game after the break, but needed a couple of goal-line clearances to ensure the contest ended all-square.

Everton move up from fifth to third in the table, while Palace stay seventh.

The hosts made a fairly dominant start to the contest, with the likes of ex-Palace winger Yannick Bolasie, Ross Barkley -- looking to impress England interim manager Gareth Southgate, who was watching from the stands -- and Lukaku to the fore.

Liverpool went second in the Premier League table after coming from a goal down to secure a 2-1 victory at struggling Swansea.

The Merseysiders were transformed after a poor first half had seen them 1-0 down at the break.

But a goal from Roberto Firmino and a late James Milner penalty turned things around as Jurgen Klopp's side continued their fine run of form.

After a spell of early Liverpool possession, Swansea found their feet and should have led on five minutes -- only for £15 million club record signing Borja Baston to produce a glaring miss.

The striker seemed certain to give the Swans a perfect start when he got away from his markers to meet Wayne Routledge's cross, but steered his header wildly over from inside the six-yard box.

That miss, however, was forgotten three minutes later when he headed a corner back across the Liverpool six-yard area and midfielder Leroy Fer poked home from close range with defenders appealing in vain for offside.

As Liverpool struggled to find the rhythm with which they swept aside Hull City at Anfield last weekend, Swansea threatened again as Gylfi Sigurdsson's fine pass just eluded the lunging Jack Cork.

Klopp was forced to make an early change when Adam Lallana appeared to pull a muscle and was replaced by Daniel Sturridge.

But the home side continued to make the running and Borja again headed off target from a promising position, glancing wide from six yards.

Liverpool were struggling to make headway against Swansea's pressing but fashioned an opening after 37 minutes when Philippe Coutinho saw an effort blocked by Fer before substitute Sturridge was booked for simulation after going to ground in the area under a challenge.

As the half drew to a close, Jordi Amat blocked superbly from Sadio Mane before Lorius Karius held a Sigurdsson free-kick at the second attempt.

Liverpool began the second half far more brightly than they had the first, with Firmino seeing a low 25-yarder held by Lukasz Fabianski and a Mane cross causing chaos before Amat hacked the ball away.

At the other end, Amat crossed when he could have shot -- and within moments Liverpool were level when, after 54 minutes, the unmarked Firmino glanced in a header.

Klopp's side were taking control, with Philippe Coutinho thundering a long-range effort just wide and then delivering a teasing cross from the left that just eluded Sturridge.

As Swansea struggled to escape from their own half, Nathaniel Clyne shot over from distance and Mane saw another effort blocked inside the area.

The home side briefly eased the pressure and created a moment of danger of their own as a cross from the left was just too high.

But with seven minutes remaining, Firmino was fouled in the area by Angel Rangel as the pair contested a bouncing ball and James Milner stroked the penalty high into the net to win the game for Liverpool.

Swansea should have levelled in stoppage time when a cross fell to Mike van der Hoorn -- only for the defender to prod a glorious chance wide of the far post from close range.

Tottenham Hotspur inflicted a first defeat on Pep Guardiola's Manchester City as they outplayed their opponents to storm to a 2-0 victory.

City had been undefeated in 11 games, and won all six in the Premier League, since Guardiola's arrival but an own goal from Aleksandar Kolarov and a second from Dele Alli brought that run to an end in North London.

A lightning start to the game at White Hart Lane saw Son Heung-Min force his way into the box after beating a marker before firing wide of the target after just 24 seconds.

City then created a chance of their own down the other end, with David Silva just missing a flick from a few yards out following Jesus Navas' ball into the box.

By the ninth minute, Tottenham had raced into the lead as Danny Rose whipped in a dangerous delivery which Kolarov inadvertently sliced into the back of his own net.

And Spurs followed that goal up immediately with another attack against a stunned City that saw Son played into the box, only for the South Korean to be denied by Claudio Bravo at the near post.

The home side continued their early onslaught as they won a free kick right on the edge of City's area, with Christian Eriksen bending the ball over the wall but just wide of Bravo's goal.

After their sloppy start, City soon weathered the storm and began to get a foothold in the game, with Sergio Aguero going close from a free kick, only to be thwarted by a save from Hugo Lloris.

Dimitri Payet lit up the London Stadium with a stunning solo goal as West Ham ended their miserable run with a 1-1 draw against Middlesbrough.

The France star beat five Boro players before slotting the ball home to cancel out Cristhian Stuani's header and rescue a point for the Hammers after four straight Premier League defeats.

Payet's heroics provided a positive end to another tough week for West Ham, whose players are under the spotlight after a team night out on the town on Monday reportedly went on a bit longer than it should have.

To compound their problems the move from Upton Park to the former Olympic Stadium is still not sitting well with some fans, as a section sang 'we should have stayed at the Boleyn' and 'Stratford's a s***hole, we want to go home'.

If under-pressure boss Slaven Bilic thought things could not get much worse he was proved wrong after just five minutes when Sam Byram left the field on a stretcher.

And the hosts could have found themselves behind moments later when Viktor Fischer fizzed a low shot across Adrian's goal and inches wide.

As usual, West Ham looked most dangerous when Payet got on the ball and he saw one shot blocked by a well-timed Calum Chambers challenge before curling another effort wide.

The hosts came agonisingly close to breaking the deadlock two minutes before half-time when Mark Noble whipped in a curling shot from the edge of the area only to see it bounce down off the underside of the crossbar.

Yet the defensive errors which have blighted their start to the season were still evident when Adrian made a hash of a high ball and was relieved that Jordan Rhodes, on his full Premier League debut, was unable to take advantage.

However, Boro took the lead six minutes after the break when Rhodes chased Adam Forshaw's ball over the top and, after initially hesitating, Adrian came out to block the shot.

From the corner Stuani rose to nod Fischer's cross in at the far post with Noble unable to keep the ball out, goal-line technology confirming it had crossed the line.

But Payet came to the rescue six minutes later with a goal which was, even by his standards, superb.

The midfielder turned Antonio Barragan on the wing, breezed past Marten de Roon on the edge of the area and then skipped away from Chambers and Ben Gibson before leaving George Friend on his backside as he rolled the ball home.

Antonio could even have won it for West Ham five minutes from the end but blazed his angled shot over as Middlesbrough, themselves on a poor run of form, avoided a fourth straight defeat.

Southampton held Leicester to a battling goalless draw as the Premier League champions continued to stutter.

The hosts needed the frame of the goal and poor finishing to claim a point after Charlie Austin hit a post and wasted a fine second-half chance in front of England caretaker boss Gareth Southgate.

Robert Huth also hit the woodwork for the Foxes but the sluggish hosts again struggled to recapture their Champions League form as they try to balance their European and domestic campaigns.

The Foxes have won just two of their opening seven league games of their title defence as they search to recapture the magic which took them to the top last season.

Southampton were good value for their point but boss Claude Puel will rue their missed chances as they created the better openings with Austin, aiming to earn a call-up to Southgate's first squad for games against Malta and Slovenia, impressing and frustrating in equal measure.

The striker, who had scored five goals in his previous four games, had three chances early on as he headed straight at Kasper Schmeichel and flashed another wide before going closer after 15 minutes.

Steven Davis' deep pass picked up the striker's run and he left Wes Morgan trailing and, despite the ever-tightening angle, his half volley flashed across Schmeichel to smack the far post.

The Saints, who had reverted to the team which beat West Ham 3-0 last week following Thursday's goalless Europa League draw with Hapoel Be'er Sheva, were both compact and expressive as Nathan Redmond and Austin posed problems.

The champions lacked spark but were almost gifted an opener after half an hour by Virgil Van Dijk.

Jamie Vardy seized onto the defender's under-hit backpass and raced through with just Fraser Forster to beat but as he tried to round the goalkeeper Oriol Romeu raced back to tackle.

The ball broke for Islam Slimani but his shot was blocked by Romeu, who completed the clean up when he deflected Vardy's follow-up effort wide.

It lifted a flat King Power Stadium but the Foxes missed top gear against their organised visitors, although Danny Drinkwater's tenacity ensured the Saints failed to take complete control.

Davis shot over but an even game began to drift with Leicester and Southampton both feeling the effects of their European efforts in mid-week.

Schmeichel stopped Redmond with a low save before Austin wasted a glorious chance to win the game after 63 minutes.

Van Dijk's run and fine pass picked the striker out and, despite being offside, the flag failed to come. He wrestled past Huth and was left with Schmeichel to beat but he opted to chip the on-rushing goalkeeper and never got enough height on his effort.

Drinkwater stung Forster's palms with a rocket from 30 yards and Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg's low drive was easy for Schmeichel to collect but there was little sense a breakthrough would come.

Huth almost broke the deadlock when his 75th-minute header from Christian Fuchs' throw hit a post and Shinji Okazaki, who had replaced the ineffective Vardy, narrowly nodded wide seconds later.

Substitute James Ward-Prowse then almost won it for Southampton with six minutes left but he fired over after Shane Long's cross deflected into his path.

Joe Allen scored a late equaliser to cancel out Anthony Martial's opener as Stoke City came from behind to secure a 1-1 draw against Manchester United.

United, who again started with Wayne Rooney as a substitute, could have been ahead inside the opening two minutes after Paul Pogba played in Zlatan Ibrahimovic, but the striker was unable to find a way past Lee Grant, who also got up to deny him on the rebound.

Stoke had a great chance of their own to take the lead on 15 minutes as Allen got to the byline before picking out Geoff Cameron in the box, only for the American to scuff his shot into the arms of David De Gea.

A great United move a few moments later brought another opportunity for the home side as Jesse Lingard eventually fed the ball to Pogba, who fired his strike just inches past the post.

And United kept up their first-half pressure as Juan Mata saw a chipped effort tipped over the bar by Grant, before the Stoke keeper soon turned away a Lingard strike at his near post with another excellent stop.

The Red Devils were perhaps lucky to see Ander Herrera remain on the pitch shortly after the restart when he was shown just a yellow card for a high tackle on Allen.

Allen was involved in the action again moments later when he got on the end of a Stoke move inside the United box, but could only muster a poor attempt at goal that was comfortably saved by De Gea.

United were less threatening in the final third in the opening stages of the second half, though Pogba and Mata both saw shots from distance comfortably saved by Grant and Ander Herrera fired wide.

Jose Mourinho opted to make a double substitution in the 69th minute in an attempt to rouse his side -- with Martial and Rooney both taking to the field -- and he was rewarded for the switch just two minutes later.

Martial picked up the ball inside the box, after Rooney had been involved in the build-up, before the Frenchman then curled into the far corner with a fine finish that left Grant with no chance.

Buoyed by the opener, United kept coming at Stoke as the game wore on, with Daley Blind seeing a goalbound strike blocked and Ibrahimovic again being denied by Grant.

But with United looking set to see out the closing stages of the game, Stoke found an equaliser in the 82nd minute as De Gea fumbled a save with Jonathan Walters then forcing the rebound onto the bar, before Allen arrived to convert into the back of the net.

There was still time for Ibrahimovic to have another go at goal for United, but once more Grant was on hand to thwart him with the save, while Pogba was presented with an even better chance in the 89th minute but could only direct his close-range header against the bar.

Patrick van Aanholt came off the bench to relieve the pressure on Sunderland manager David Moyes with a late equaliser in the 1-1 home draw against West Brom.

The Black Cats were trailing to Nacer Chadli's 35th-minute opener with seven minutes remaining when Van Aanholt, who was withdrawn from the side to face Tottenham just minutes before kick-off on the advice of a cardiologist, bundled the ball home to level.

He immediately ran to the touchline to celebrate with club doctor Ishtiaq Rehman, understood to be working his notice after tendering his resignation earlier this week.

The draw spared Moyes a return of just a single point from the first seven games of the Premier League season, the same record as that which had cost Paolo Di Canio his job at the start of the 2013-14 campaign.

The contest was just four minutes old when Duncan Watmore, playing in the central role behind lone striker Jermain Defoe, exchanged passes with Didier Ndong and slid the ball through to the former England frontman.

Defoe was just onside but, with only keeper Ben Foster to beat, he dragged his shot inches wide of the post.

Despite an encouraging start, Sunderland could not find a final ball to trouble the visitors, and it was West Brom who forged the more promising openings with Jordan Pickford having to beat away Chadli's 12th-minute shot from a Matt Phillips cross.

Phillips and James McClean, who was booed at every touch on his return to Wearside, failed to trouble Pickford from distance, but the keeper was given no chance when West Brom took the lead 10 minutes before the break.

Claudio Yacob left Jan Kirchhoff appealing in vain for a free-kick on halfway after robbing him of possession before feeding Phillips, whose pass allowed Chadli to fire left-footed across Pickford and inside the far post.

Moyes' players returned in determined mood after the break but, although they took the game to the visitors, they repeatedly ran into dead ends.

Their fortunes took a further turn for the worse with 56 minutes gone when midfielder Jan Kirchhoff was carried from the field on a stretcher and replaced by Van Aanholt, and they could have fallen further behind with Pickford having to parry Darren Fletcher's shot before Chadli scuffed wide.

The game became increasingly untidy as the Black Cats laboured in the search for an equaliser, but it took a brave block by old boy Jonny Evans to deny Defoe after he had been picked out by Wahbi Khazri 19 minutes from time before Pickford had to save from Salomon Rondon at his near post seven minutes later.

But salvation arrived when Van Aanholt ran on to Watmore's cross, scuffed a shot into the ground and saw the ball bounce over the helpless Foster and into the net.

An outstanding first-half performance by Arsenal saw them beat London rivals Chelsea 3-0 at the Emirates and go third in the Premier League table.

The Gunners delivered an early sign of intent when Alexis Sanchez saw an early 20-yard strike stopped by Thibaut Courtois.

And they were 2-0 up after 14 minutes as Chelsea's defence suffered a nightmare afternoon.

With 12 minutes played, Gary Cahill dawdled on the ball before making a mess of his backpass and allowing Sanchez to race through and chip coolly beyond Courtois.

Two minutes later, the Gunners doubled their lead with a superbly-worked goal as Mesut Ozil and Alex Iwobi set up Hector Bellerin to cross for a Theo Walcott tap-in.

A shell-shocked Chelsea offered little in response apart from a low Willian effort that whistled just wide of the far post and were three goals adrift with five minutes of the first half still to play.

The goal began on the edge of the Arsenal penalty area as Ozil turned past a couple of challenges and raced into the Arsenal half before finding Sanchez.

The forward then chipped the ball over Cahill and David Luiz, who had both been drawn towards him, and Ozil volleyed into the ground, over Courtois and off the post, to make it 3-0.

Diego Costa -- booed by the home fans having been involved in controversial incidents against Arsenal in the past -- tried to drag his team back into the contest with a couple of strong runs at the start of the second half.

But it was the Gunners who continued to have the chances, with Walcott crossing too high for Sanchez and the Chilean then failing to find Ozil with a low ball to the far post.

Courtois blocked a Walcott drive and Granit Xhaka, a first-half substitute for the injured Francis Coquelin, lashed over the bar as Arsenal again threatened to score a fourth.

Chelsea, who slip to eighth after a second successive Premier League defeat, mustered only two efforts on target on what was a dismal afternoon for new boss Conte.

Christian Benteke's injury-time header left Sunderland still waiting for a first Premier League win of the season as Crystal Palace came back from 2-0 down to snatch victory.

Jermain Defoe's double -- just his second and third goals at the Stadium of Light since Jan. 2 -- had put Black Cats boss David Moyes within 30 minutes of a much-needed victory in front of a crowd of 38,941.

But Patrick van Aanholt's eventful week took a further turn for the worse when he deflected Joe Ledley's 61st-minute shot past keeper Jordan Pickford and was then beaten to the ball by James McArthur as he made it 2-2 before Benteke struck at the death

With the home side once again misfiring - they were not helped by Steven Pienaar's enforced departure through injury with only 15 minutes gone - the visitors enjoyed the better of the first half, although without converting the pressure into genuine chances.

Benteke headed straight at Pickford and then volleyed wide after controlling a corner on his chest after defender Lamine Kone had hacked Yohan Cabaye's cross over his own crossbar amid an early flurry.

The Palace frontman then stabbed a 25th-minute Jason Puncheon cross over at the near post and then called upon Pickford from a tight angle four minutes later after Andros Townsend had blazed across the face of goal.

Sunderland had created little aside from a clever Defoe flick from a Van Aanholt cross which was deflected just wide of Steve Mandanda's far post, but it was they who took the lead with six minutes of the half remaining, thanks in large part to an horrendous error by midfielder Ledley.

Mandanda spotted the Wales international in space as he looked to play out from the back, but by the time the ball arrived at his feet, red and white shirts surrounded him and as he attempted a return pass, he only succeeded in setting up Defoe to score.

Townsend went just wide with a 30-yard free-kick in stoppage time as Palace looked for a way back, and they might have been level within 10 minutes of the restart when Puncheon got on the end of a pacy counter-attack only to she his shot beaten away by Pickford.

Mandanda came to Palace's rescue on the hour when he parried Defoe's shot after Javier Manquillo's determined run, but the respite was brief and when Watmore crossed from the left, the striker was on hand to smash the loose ball into the net.

However, the visitors were back into within seconds as Van Aanholt's efforts to block Ledley's shot only resulted in him diverting the ball into his own net, and they were level 16 minutes later when substitute Zeki Fryers crossed from the left for McArthur to get ahead of Van Aanholt and head the Eagles level.

But there was worse to come for the home side deep into injury time when Benteke rose to power a header past Pickford from substitute Lee Chung-yong's free-kick and secure a third successive league win for Palace.

Junior Stanislas' 20-yard drive condemned Everton to their first Premier League defeat of the season as Bournemouth held out for a 1-0 victory at Dean Court.

Stanislas proved Everton's tormentor-in-chief for the second season running, firing the only goal on the south coast -- to add to his late brace that stole a 3-3 draw last term.

The 26-year-old's second goal eight minutes into stoppage time had wrestled Bournemouth that dramatic draw in the November 21 corresponding fixture last season.

This time the Cherries needed no last-gasp heroics however, as Stanislas' 23rd-minute strike proved sufficient to secure a second win of the campaign for Eddie Howe's men.

Everton's fine start to Premier League life under new boss Ronald Koeman hit the skids on the south coast, with the visitors unable to find rhythm or fluency.

The Toffees were unable to add to their four wins and one draw in the league, perhaps still smarting from their 2-0 midweek EFL Cup home defeat to Norwich.

Bournemouth boss Howe and his charges cared not for Koeman's troubles however, with a priceless second league win of the campaign safely in the bag.

Everton will return north with Koeman left to ponder the lack of impact from £25 million summer recruit Yannick Bolasie, and general disconnect between striker Romelu Lukaku and his supporting cast.

Bournemouth dominated an engaging first half, Stanislas' fine 20-yard strike separating the sides at the break.

Everton had only themselves to blame for trailing by that solitary goal at the turnaround, the visitors curiously sluggish in possession.

Artur Boruc saved well from Romelu Lukaku's point-blank header, but after that the Toffees struggled.

Jack Wilshere ought to have opened the scoring, only for the lunging Seamus Coleman to deflect the ball on to the bar.

Callum Wilson outmuscled Ashley Williams before squaring unselfishly to the onrushing Wilshere, and the Arsenal loanee really should have buried the gilt-edged chance.

Harry Arter's drive across the face of goal brushed the outside post with Maarten Stekelenburg motionless.

But just when Bournemouth started to fret about missed chances, Stanislas produced the first half's superlative moment, driving home from outside the box.

Arter's inside ball found the 26-year-old in far too much space, and the former West Ham forward duly seized full advantage.

Everton's frustrations grew as the second-half unfolded, with the relentless Arter increasingly adept at stemming the Merseysiders' approach play.

Boruc tipped away Gerard Deulofeu's testing cross, while the largely anonymous Bolasie drove over from 18 yards.

What rallies Everton could muster came to nothing, Bournemouth holding firm despite five minutes' stoppage time for a fully-merited victory.

An irrepressible Liverpool ran riot in a 5-1 win against a hapless and helpless 10-man Hull as the goals continued to rain in at Anfield.

James Milner scored two penalties, the brilliant performances of Philippe Coutinho and Adam Lallana were both rewarded with goals, while Sadio Mane was also on the scoresheet as substitute David Meyler converted the visitors' only real chance.

It is early days but nine goals in two home appearances suggest the players are no longer impaired by fans' expectation and the new-look old ground is starting to resemble a fortress again.

Of course much of that has to do with the mentality created by Jurgen Klopp.

No more so was it highlighted than by the manager's decision to drop long-time first-choice goalkeeper Simon Mignolet to give summer signing Loris Karius his Premier League debut.

The German may not have managed a clean sheet but on days like these the goalkeeper, like most of the ground, can just stand and admire the quality in front of him.

Klopp wanted his team to be 'angry' at the thought Hull might come and try to take points off them but it was Tigers caretaker boss Mike Phelan who ended up being most annoyed.

Joel Matip headed over and Coutinho completely fluffed his kick five yards out allowing Ahmed Elmohamady to clear off the line, but that set the tone for a brilliant 19-minute spell in which Liverpool were almost unplayable.

Seventeen minutes in Coutinho picked up ball on the left and Roberto Firmino's clever diagonal dummy run across Hull's defence opened up space for his Brazil team-mate to pick out Lallana to slot home inside the far post.

Elmohamady had legitimately denied Coutinho earlier but resorted to illegal means when he stuck out an elbow to stop the playmaker's goalbound shot, resulting in a red card for the defender and another confident penalty conversion from Milner.

Mane, after one shot deflected on to the crossbar, made it 3-0 in the 36th minute after a trademark Lallana turn earned the England midfielder enough space in the penalty area to slide a pass into his team-mate, who scored with a shot on the turn.

The numerically-disadvantaged Hull adopted a 4-5-0 formation in an attempt to stem the red tide.

They were still carved open by a brilliant pass from central defender Ragnar Klavan inside makeshift full-back Meyler but no-one could get on the end of Milner's cross through the six-yard box, while Gini Wijnaldum was denied at point-blank range by David Marshall.

Phelan, 'celebrating' his 54th birthday, saw his beleaguered side pull one back when Meyler rammed home from a corner just after the break.

However, there was no real sense anything would change and Coutinho made sure of that with a dipping 20-yard shot less than 60 seconds later.

All this was achieved without Liverpool's premier striker Daniel Sturridge but his arrival off the bench saw the England international immediately draw a foul from Andrew Robertson, allowing Milner to score his second from the spot and take Liverpool's tally to 24 goals in eight matches this season.

Manchester United produced a blistering first-half performance as Premier League champions Leicester City were swept aside at Old Trafford.

Jose Mourinho's side -- without Wayne Rooney, who was dropped to the bench -- were 4-0 in front by the break thanks to goals from Chris Smalling, Juan Mata, Marcus Rashford and Paul Pogba, who opened his United account.

Although substitute Demarai Gray pulled one back for the visitors in spectacular style on 59 minutes, United coasted to a comfortable win.

Yet Leicester, who reached the interval in a state of disarray, had caused United several anxious moments before Smalling's breakthrough.

After Zlatan Ibrahimovic had hooked a volley well wide for the hosts, Islam Slimani almost found Riyad Mahrez with a chested pass inside the area before Daley Blind scrambled away a dangerous ball from Christian Fuchs.

Four minutes later, Danny Drinkwater and Daniel Amartey both had efforts from the edge of the area blocked before Robert Huth smashed a shot well over the top when the ball was played back in.

But after 22 minutes, Smalling powered a header in off Ron-Robert Zieler from Daley Blind's corner, and United took total control.

Zlatan Ibrahimovic chested down a lovely Pogba pass but blazed over the top, Marcus Rashford lashed wide after an Ibrahimovic touch and Pogba, finding his best form, saw a curling long-range strike pushed away by Zieler.

United, though, did not have to wait long to double their lead. They did so in spectacular style after 37 minutes when Mata found Pogba, whose chip forward was touched off by Jesse Lingard for Mata to smash a left-footed effort past the Foxes goalkeeper.

Three minutes later, Rashford prodded home Mata's low ball across the six-yard box to make it 3-0, and the rampant home side, pouring forward at every opportunity, made it four when Leicester's defence collapsed at a corner and allowed Pogba to thunder home a free header.

Sergio Aguero struck twice on his return from suspension as Premier League leaders Manchester City made it a perfect six wins from six under manager Pep Guardiola.

Aguero, back in the City side following a three-match ban, scored in each half - including a contentious 65th-minute penalty after Michael van der Hoorn brought down Kevin de Bruyne - but Guardiola's team were made to work hard for their 3-1 victory and could not relax until Raheem Sterling wrapped it up 13 minutes from time.

Fernando Llorente cancelled out Aguero's ninth-minute opener, and although Swansea have now gone four games without a league win, under-pressure boss Francesco Guidolin could take some satisfaction from seeing his side produce their best performance of a testing campaign.

City, though, march on, with Guardiola equalling Carlo Ancelotti's Chelsea record for six successive victories at the start of a Premier League campaign.

They did not fire on all cylinders in west Wales, but there was enough star quality at key moments to make a telling difference.

Aguero and David Silva returned for City among 10 changes from the side that claimed a 2-1 EFL Cup win against Swansea on Wednesday, with only defender John Stones remaining in the starting line-up from that game.

Swansea, meanwhile, showed four changes, including starts for Llorente and Gylfi Sigurdsson. But Neil Taylor and Ki Sung-yeung, who both displayed public disapproval of Guidolin's decisions to substitute them against Chelsea and Southampton respectively, were on bench duty.

With speculation intensifying daily about Guidolin's future, Swansea needed a bright start, and they had the ball in the net via Sigurdsson after just five minutes, but referee Neil Swarbrick had already whistled for a foul by Jack Cork.

But Swansea's promise sparked a decisive response as Aguero left Jordi Amat floundering inside the penalty area with a brilliant first touch from Bacary Sagna's pass, and then finished majestically for his 10th goal of the season.

Swansea, though, responded magnificently as they equalised just four minutes later when Sigurdsson found Llorente, and the Spanish striker left Claudio Bravo clutching fresh air as his rasping half-volley flew high into City's net.

And it took the visitors a while to regain their rhythm, with Swansea refusing to take a backward step, and Sagna was booked for a foul before De Bruyne rifled a shot just wide following a flick by Sterling.

City regained territorial control as half-time approached, but Swansea goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski was not unduly troubled as an entertaining opening 45 minutes ended 1-1.

Swansea began the second period in continued impressive form, and they went close to a second goal when the hard-working Wayne Routledge found Sigurdsson, who volleyed over the bar with Bravo rooted to the spot.

But City struck in controversial fashion midway through the half when Van der Hoorn was adjudged by referee Swarbrick to have challenged De Bruyne unfairly, and Aguero made no mistake from the spot.

Then with Swansea attacking, Leon Britton lost possession and Sterling stormed up the field before applying an effortless finish, and City were home and dry.

Charlie Austin increased the gloom at West Ham with his fifth goal in four games as Southampton ran out easy 3-0 winners at the London Stadium.

The unhappy Hammers remain in the bottom three after yet more woeful defending saw them slip to a fifth defeat in six Premier League matches.

And the man who set Saints on their way was Austin, the player Hammers co-owner David Sullivan once claimed that he did not try to sign because of his injury record.

But Austin did not look like a player who has no ligaments in his knee -- as was claimed back then -- when he opened the scoring five minutes before half-time.

The striker then set up Dusan Tadic to tuck away the second and James Ward-Prowse added late gloss to give Southampton a first away win of the season and leave West Ham in crisis.

The Hammers are confident that some good performances on the pitch will ease the transition from Upton Park to the London Stadium -- but this was no way to go about it.

In a dismal first half Simone Zaza, yet to score since his summer switch from Juventus, and Michail Antonio both fired tamely wide.

And having soaked up what little pressure West Ham offered, Saints went down the other end of the field and opened the scoring with their first shot on target.

The Hammers, who had conceded eight goals in their previous two league outings, allowed Ryan Bertrand to collect Tadic's pass as he raced inside makeshift right-back Havard Nordtveit and cut the ball back for Austin to slot home.

The visitors could have increased their lead before half-time but Adrian saved Nathan Redmond's drive at his near post and Cedric Soares fired into the side netting.

Zaza's frustration continued when, having been denied what he felt was a penalty in the first half, was booked for a dive after tumbling under Oriol Romeu's challenge in the area.

Then, in the 62nd minute, more shambolic defending saw Winston Reid and Cheikhou Kouyate lose the ball between them and allow Austin to play in Tadic, who stepped around the onrushing Adrian before rolling the ball into an empty net.

West Ham belatedly rallied and had another penalty claim turned down when Sofiane Feghouli's shot hit Bertrand's hand, while Zaza's effort was cleared off the line.

But in stoppage time Redmond and Steven Davis combined to set up sub Ward-Prowse, prompting a mass exodus of Hammers fans.

Those who did stay until the end made their feelings known on another miserable afternoon at their new home.

Son Heung-Min struck his second double in the space of a fortnight as Tottenham shrugged off the absence of Harry Kane to make it three Premier League wins in a row with a 2-1 triumph at Middlesbrough.

The South Korean hit two superb solo goals in the opening 23 minutes to add to the brace he netted at Stoke earlier this month and set up Mauricio Pochettino's men for three more points.

But despite their early domination, Spurs were forced to work hard for their win after Boro defender Ben Gibson gave his side hope by outmuscling Victor Wanyama to head his side back into the game just past the hour-mark.

Kane's continuing absence with an ankle injury ensured the visitors started with question marks over their attacking prowess and it was Boro who bossed the opening moments in the Riverside Stadium sun, Alvaro Negredo misdirecting an early header in front of goal.

But after taking time to settle, Spurs sparked with a swift sixth-minute move which ended in Dele Alli firing a long-range effort which Victor Valdes did well to push out for a corner.

And within a minute the visitors went in front when Vincent Janssen's neat lay-off in the box sent Son dribbling his way across the box before placing a neat finish underneath the despairing Valdes.

Spurs proceeded to attack with increasing purpose and it was no surprise when they doubled their lead in the 23rd minute with Son once again taking advantage of hesitation in the Boro defence.

Searching a sight of goal, the 24-year-old dribbled down the left side of the box, beating two defenders before turning sharply and delivering a delicious right-foot finish past the static Valdes.

Alli should have got on the scoresheet before half-time when Christian Eriksen pulled the ball back inside the box and the England midfielder, normally so sure in front of goal, side-footed well over the bar.

The one-sided action continued in the second half, Eriksen tricking his way through the back-pedalling Boro rearguard with aplomb before the move finally broke down.

Boro substitute Adama Traore gave his side fresh attacking impetus after being introduced on the hour and their renewed efforts were rewarded in the 65th minute when the hosts reduced the deficit.

Stewart Downing, who had been largely ineffectual throughout the afternoon, whipped in a free-kick from the left and Gibson beat Wanyama in the box to direct a strong header beyond the reach of Hugo Lloris.

Son came close to completing his hat-trick on 75 minutes when he was fed by substitute Erik Lamela on the right side of the Boro box but saw his shot well blocked by defender Calum Chambers.

But Spurs' lead looked increasingly vulnerable and Jordan Rhodes was not far away two minutes later when he got his head to another deep Downing cross only for Lloris to save well down low.

Ultimately Boro came up short in their quest for an equaliser leaving boss Aitor Karanka with plenty to ponder after a third consecutive top-flight defeat.

ends

Jeff Hendrick and Michael Keane scored their first Premier League goals as Burnley brushed aside a ragged Watford 2-0 at Turf Moor.

Hendrick, the club's £10.5 million record signing in the summer, nodded home Steven Defour's 38th-minute corner and the Belgian bagged a second assist when Keane rose to head a second shortly after half-time.

Defour has now scored one and set up three of Burnley's five goals this season, and here provided the kind of spark that was visibly lacking from the visitors, who suffered a sharp comedown having turned over Manchester United last time out.

For the Clarets it was a welcome second win of the campaign, following their surprise defeat of Liverpool, while the visitors may wish to write off their trip to Lancashire as a bad road trip.

They were passengers in the first period, allowing Burnley's industrious midfield to over-run them.

Walter Mazzarri tinkered with his 3-5-2 formation early on, reverting to a back four with Valon Behrami picking up the extra defensive duties.

The Clarets had all the territory and all the meaningful possession but, until Hendrick intervened, few clear chances.

Hendrick and Johann Berg Gudmundsson were the likeliest threats, the Irishman always lurking in the space behind Sam Vokes while the Icelander served notice with a couple of tempting crosses.

Vokes won a corner from one Gudmundsson delivery and when that was half-cleared George Boyd stung Heurelho Gomes' palms with a snap shot.

Gudmundsson also lashed a 25-yard drive wide of the near post but Watford, despite regular panicky clearances and under-hit passes, were hanging in.

The away end looked to lift things by launching a "Troy Deeney for England" chant but their captain was feeding on scraps.

Salomon Rondon's stoppage-time header denied Stoke their first Premier League win of the season as they were held to a 1-1 home draw by West Brom in ex-Potters boss Tony Pulis' 1,000th game as a manager.

Mark Hughes' side had looked set to end their four-match losing streak in the league by claiming all three points when Joe Allen opened the scoring by bundling the ball home in the 73rd minute.

But in the end they had to settle for one, and a total of two from six games this term, after Rondon converted late on from a corner.

It made for a satisfying conclusion to his return to the stadium for Pulis, who is still yet to lose against his former employers in five meetings, while the pressure continues to mount on his successor Hughes. His men are, at least, up a place and off the bottom of the table.

Stoke fans showed their appreciation for Pulis just before kick-off as they gave him a warm reception as he emerged from the tunnel, with the 58-year-old clapping back and waving to all sides of the ground.

There was not much for the home or away fans to cheer about in the 45 minutes that followed, with real chances to break the deadlock very much limited.

After Erik Pieters went down in the West Brom box under the attentions of Matt Phillips and had his claims for a penalty waved away by referee Martin Atkinson, Stoke came close to scoring in the 25th minute when Glen Johnson lifted the ball over Ben Foster and Craig Dawson did well to head it away.

At the other end, Rondon was allowed to turn and shoot twice on the edge of the box and once inside the area, but each effort missed the target.

The hosts applied more pressure as the second half got under way, with Allen's header being deflected over by Dawson and Ryan Shawcross nodding a corner wide at the back post.

Pieters then once again tumbled in the box when feeling contact from Phillips, looked at Atkinson and saw the referee dismiss his spot-kick appeal.

Soon after, Stoke's Premier League debutant goalkeeper Lee Grant palmed away a curling shot from Nacer Chadli, before Potters substitute Peter Crouch, brought on for Wilfried Bony, prodded an effort wide.

The home side's growing momentum finally yielded a goal when Xherdan Shaqiri crossed from the right, Jonny Evans' headed attempt at a clearance fell to Allen and the Wales international finished from close range.

Four minutes later, Stoke were grateful to Grant as he pulled off a smart diving save to keep out James McClean's header.

But they then saw Grant beaten at the death as Rondon connected with a corner to bring things level.

Arsenal and Alexis Sanchez continued their fine record against Hull as Arsene Wenger's side won a third straight Premier League match for the first time since December.

The Gunners were far from convincing in a midweek Champions League draw at Paris Saint-Germain, just days after fortuitously overcoming Southampton, but matters were far more comprehensive at the KCOM Stadium.

Hull have only beaten the Gunners once since 1915 and that poor run was extended on Saturday, with Sanchez's double helping to secure a 4-1 win against a City side who were reduced to 10 men just before the break after Jake Livermore was sent off.

Sanchez has now scored six goals in five matches in all competitions against the Tigers, and got the first of Saturday's contest early on after directing home an Alex Iwobi shot.

Hull goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic should have done better in the build-up to the opener, but went some way to making amends by denying Sanchez from the spot kick that followed Livermore's handball.

The midfielder-cum-defender was perhaps harshly sent off and Arsenal capitalised 10 minutes after half-time, with Theo Walcott collecting a clever flick by the impressive Iwobi to clip home. Harry Maguire could only help the goal-bound ball into his own net.

Pep Guardiola's stunning start at Manchester City continued as the Premier League leaders crushed Bournemouth 4-0 at the Etihad Stadium.

Goals from Kevin De Bruyne, Kelechi Iheanacho, Raheem Sterling and Ilkay Gundogan secured City's eighth successive win -- an unprecedented feat for the club at the start of a season -- since Guardiola took charge.

The only downside for City was the sending-off of Nolito for aiming a headbutt at Adam Smith in the 86th minute, but the performance as a whole was highly impressive.

Guardiola's men were commanding in possession and scintillating on the counter-attack. The Spaniard is threatening to mould a highly talented squad into something even greater than the sum of their parts.

From the back, where Aleksandar Kolarov again looked composed at centre-half, to a forward line formidable even without the suspended Sergio Aguero, City were magnificent and too strong for Bournemouth.

Club-record signing Islam Slimani capped a dream Premier League debut as his brace powered Leicester City to victory over Burnley.

The Algeria international striker scored either side of the break to clinch a 3-0 win and seal a wonderful week after the Foxes' debut Champions League victory at Club Brugge.

Ben Mee's own goal wrapped up the win for the Foxes who played with the swagger which saw them romp to the title last season.

Slimani, a £29 million signing from Sporting Lisbon, added the brute force to international teammate Riyad Mahrez's trickery as the pair put Burnley to the sword.

The Clarets fell asleep to allow Slimani to score before and after the break and Steven Defour wasted their best chance in the first half.

The Foxes were coming off the back of Wednesday's historic 3-0 win at Club Brugge and manager Claudio Ranieri had warned his side their European success could not be used as an excuse for a poor performance against the Clarets.

Heeding his words, the Foxes began brightly as Daniel Amartey planted a volley well over and Jamie Vardy miscued a header with Burnley pinned back at the King Power Stadium.

The Clarets have not beaten Leicester in six years and Jeff Hendrick, making his full debut after a move from Derby, did not look like bucking that trend when he dragged wide after 19 minutes.

The Foxes were comfortable with goalkeeper Ron-Robert Zieler, in for Kasper Schmeichel who was out with concussion, untroubled.

A dominant first-half display proved enough to give Liverpool victory over Premier League rivals Chelsea, inflicting a first defeat on Antonio Conte and ruining the homecoming of David Luiz.

Conte said ahead of the game that the Reds were "the worst team'' to face at the moment and he was proved right as the visitors ran roughshod over the Blues defence during the opening 45 minutes at Stamford Bridge, eventually securing a well-deserved 2-1 win.

Dejan Lovren opened the scoring with his maiden league goal for Liverpool before Jordan Henderson scored his first goal since January with a superb long-range strike and, although Diego Costa scored his fifth goal of the season to get Chelsea back into the contest, Luiz's second debut ended in defeat.

Jurgen Klopp's men have taken seven points from three trips to London already this season following an opening weekend win at Arsenal and a draw at Tottenham.

They have also hammered reigning champions Leicester and were good value for this victory as Chelsea simply did not turn up before the interval.

Jose Mourinho and his Manchester United side endured a week to forget as Watford secured a well-deserved victory at Vicarage Road.

Going into the game on the back of a derby defeat at home to Manchester City and a Europa League loss at Feyenoord, United were largely disappointing as Mourinho slipped to three successive defeats as a manager for the first time in over a decade.

The in-form Etienne Capoue struck his fourth goal in six games to put the hosts ahead and although Marcus Rashford levelled on 62 minutes with United's first shot on target, Camilo Zuniga came off the bench and scored almost immediately before a late Troy Deeney penalty secured a memorable 3-1 win for the Hornets -- their first victory over United since 1986.

No Manchester United player has scored more goals than Rashford since he burst onto the scene in February and his more esteemed teammates were largely poor, with skipper Wayne Rooney and the world's most expensive player, Paul Pogba, off-colour in the midfield and Zlatan Ibrahimovic well-marshalled by the Watford defence.

Watford passed up a gilt-edged chance to open the scoring as miscommunication between David de Gea and Chris Smalling saw the ball fall to the feet of Odion Ighalo but, with the goal gaping, he slid his effort wide.

Only a stunning De Gea save kept out Deeney's header in the 16th minute as the Hornets continued to swarm around the United defence.

Midfielder Gareth Barry marked his 600th Premier League appearance with a goal as Everton's unbeaten start continued with a 3-1 win over Middlesbrough that moved them into second place.

The 35-year-old, whose milestone has previously been achieved by only Ryan Giggs (632) and Frank Lampard (609), sparked the hosts' comeback after goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenburg was controversially adjudged to have conceded an own goal from Alvaro Negredo's robust, old-school centre-forward's challenge.

He may be slower than his more sprightly, younger compatriots but the cool-headed Barry reacted quickest to smash home from a corner. Having gone 103 matches without a goal it was the veteran midfielder's second in four matches.

Full-back Seamus Coleman put Everton ahead with a well-worked second before Romelu Lukaku made it six goals in three games for club and country.

That made it four wins and a draw for manager Ronald Koeman, another summer arrival, with only Manchester City having a better record.

Stoke's miserable start to the Premier League season continued after they fell to a deserved 4-1 defeat at Crystal Palace.

Pressure will continue to build on their manager Mark Hughes after their concession of two goals in the opening 11 minutes. They have conceded 14 goals in a run of four defeats from five league fixtures, scoring only three.

So minimal was their belief that Palace -- in the division's top 10 after a second successive victory -- only appeared at risk when they became casual.

Palace's opening goal, in the ninth minute, represented a recurring theme in their visitors' season. Hughes has spoken of his frustration at not having had a settled back four, and they again frequently looked disorganised.

From a free-kick near the edge of the area, Andros Townsend crossed towards James Tomkins, who got the last touch after marker Jon Walters had failed to deal with the ball in.

The absence of the injured Jack Butland -- despite Shay Given's experience -- was felt again both then, and also when Palace doubled their lead just two minutes later.

His conviction and natural authority is clearly sorely missed by a rudderless unit, and without him Jason Puncheon delivered a right-wing corner that Palace captain Scott Dann powerfully headed in under little pressure.

Much appeared wrong with the balance of a team that featured the considerable talent of Bojan Krkic, Wilfried Bony, Marko Arnautovic and Joe Allen, and was contrasted by Alan Pardew's Palace, who seem to have gelled.

Palace have had problems of their own, but many of those stemmed from the lack of a goalscoring threat that recent £27 million record signing Christian Benteke has already largely rectified.

They also learnt earlier this week that Pape Souare's injuries, following a car crash, could rule him out for much of the season. The club's fans applauded him, recognising his squad number in a 23rd-minute tribute.

A one-sided opening half concluded with Stoke's only brief threat capturing their afternoon. Arnautovic's run down the left took him into space, and with Bony well positioned in the area, he over-hit his delivery that Palace easily cleared.

The steadier pace of the second half placed Stoke under less consistent pressure, yet even then they contrived to concede a further two goals.

The first, in the 71st minute, came when James McArthur's curled shot from the edge of the area took a significant deflection off Geoff Cameron to go beyond Given's reach.

Four minutes later and on the break, Townsend scored Palace's fourth when he ran through Stoke's midfield to the edge of the area, cut in on his right foot, and finished into the bottom right corner.

Stoke scored their only goal in the fourth minute of stoppage time, but it provided little consolation. Bony had already missed the game's finest chance when slipping over directly in front of goal when he sent a low cross towards Arnautovic, from where the forward classily finished towards the top right.

Harry Kane scored the winner and then left the pitch on a stretcher as Tottenham secured a 1-0 victory over struggling Sunderland.

Kane's second goal of the season came to Spurs' rescue at White Hart Lane but manager Mauricio Pochettino will be sweating on the striker's fitness after he had to be carried off in the 89th minute.

The victory sends Tottenham up to third in the table and maintains their unbeaten start, while Sunderland remain without a win in the Premier League this season.

The Black Cats were reduced to 10 men late on when Adnan Januzaj was shown a second yellow card but the sending off barely affected the contest, which Spurs dominated from start to finish.

The home side's afternoon, however, was marred by injury concerns with Mousa Dembele and Eric Dier both taken off in the second half, before Kane was also forced to depart.

Tottenham managed 19 attempts at goal in the first period to their opponents' three and for the first 25 minutes in particular, Sunderland's contribution was solely in blocking, deflecting and finally hoping that their goalkeeper Jordan Pickford would keep the hosts at bay.

He succeeded too, twice denying Kane from point-blank range and then holding long-range efforts from Dembele and Moussa Sissoko.

Sissoko, booed by the visiting supporters for his past allegiances with Newcastle, was bright on his full debut and along with Son Heung-Min, the pair caused Sunderland problems with their pace and direct running.

Son went closest with a fizzing shot that struck the outside of the post and soon after applied the first of three quick-fire Spurs efforts, his blocked by Kane, Sissoko's volley by Lee Cattermole before Victor Wanyama dragged the last effort wide.

Amidst their frantic but committed defending, Sunderland arguably enjoyed the best two chances of the half.

Jermain Defoe latched on to Pickford's punt down field but was unable to steer past Hugo Lloris, and on the stroke of half-time Steven Pienaar had the goal at his mercy six yards out, but somehow picked out Kyle Walker on the line.

Son continued to terrorise his opposite number Jason Denayer after the interval, unleashing into the side-netting and flashing a ball across goal, but when the goal came, it was fellow Sunderland defender Papy Djilobodji who was culpable.

Dele Alli nodded down Walker's cross and Djilobodji should have made a routine clearance but instead sliced it into the path of Kane, who was perfectly placed to stab home.

Erik Lamela, on for the hobbling Dembele in the latter stages, had two chances to put Tottenham out of sight and Son looked to have a strong case for a penalty when he was scythed down by Djilobodji late on.

Kane's afternoon took a turn for the worse when he appeared to injure his ankle while lunging for a tackle and the striker left the field on a stretcher, replaced by summer signing Vincent Janssen.

Januzaj picked up his second yellow card in the 89th minute for a late challenge on Ben Davies and that was the final nail in the coffin for Sunderland, as Spurs held on for a narrow victory.

Charlie Austin proved his point by climbing off the bench to secure Southampton's first Premier League win of the season as they edged out Swansea at St Mary's Stadium.

The striker was back among the substitutes against the Swans despite his two-goal heroics in the Europa League win over Sparta Prague on Thursday night.

But having watched his teammates spurn a host of chances to take the lead, Austin found the net just 10 minutes after coming on to snatch a 1-0 victory and give Saints boss Claude Puel his first three points in the English top-flight.

It was Austin's first Premier League goal since his debut winner against Manchester United in January, and earned Saints a deserved three points from a dominant display.

Swansea, by contrast, were abject and remain without a win since the opening day of the season.

They were without defender Neil Taylor, conspicuous by his absence following his public fall-out with manager Francesco Guidolin, who subbed him before half-time against Chelsea last weekend.

But it was in attack where they laboured, with summer signing Fernando Llorente never looking like opening his goal account.

Southampton bossed proceedings from the off and were almost gifted the lead when keeper Lukasz Fabianski spilled a shot from Shane Long.

Steven Davis and Dusan Tadic charged in to tuck away the follow-up only to get in each other's way and put the ball behind, but fortunately for the duo an offside flag spared their blushes.

Long thought he should have been awarded a penalty after going down under Ferderico Fernandez's challenge in the area, but referee Mike Jones saw it differently and booked the Saints forward for a dive.

Long's mood did not improve when Nathan Redmond opted to shoot rather than square the ball across goal and blazed his effort high and wide.

And Redmond was guilty of an even worse miss moments later when he collected Tadic's low cross and stepped inside Jordi Amat, only to scoop his shot over from eight yards out.

The one-way traffic continued after the break with Long nudging the ball past the onrushing Fabianksi, only for Kyle Naughton to slide in and clear before Tadic could tap into an empty net.

Long then did put the ball into the net but Redmond had been flagged offside as he pulled the ball back.

Long's afternoon was over shortly after but Austin's first action was to crash Redmond's perfectly-weighted ball across the area onto the crossbar.

However, Austin made no mistake in the 64th minute when Tadic's cross was inadvertently helped on by Amat, chesting the ball at the far post before hammering his volley past Fabianski.

Swansea could still have snatched an unwarranted point when the ball dropped to Gylfi Sigurdsson in the area, but Fraser Forster palmed away his shot to ensure Saints got their league season up and running.

A new era at West Bromwich Albion began in entertaining style as a 4-2 home win against West Ham United helped ease speculation about Tony Pulis' future.

In the first game since Thursday's announcement that a takeover by Chinese group Yunyi Guokai Sports Development Limited -- led by Guochuan Lai -- had been completed, defeat might have left Pulis, with speculation surrounding his future prior to kick-off, on the brink.

During last weekend's defeat at Bournemouth, Albion fans sang "Tony Pulis, your football is s---" but no such criticism could be levelled on Saturday.

West Brom surged into a four-goal lead through Nacer Chadli, superb on his home debut, Salomon Rondon, James McClean and Chadli once more finding the target.

West Ham, who have now conceded 11 goals in their last three Premier League matches, replied with Michail Antonio's header and a Manuel Lanzini penalty but never looked like completing the unlikely comeback.

Diego Costa struck twice to help Chelsea secure a 2-2 draw at Swansea City and ensure the Blues maintained their unbeaten record in the Premier League this season.

After a fairly tight opening at the Liberty Stadium, Chelsea soon found themselves in front, with Oscar teeing up Costa on the edge of the box and the striker then firing first time past Lukasz Fabianski into the bottom corner to net his third goal of the campaign.

Eden Hazard almost doubled the visitors' lead a few minutes later, stealing the ball and skipping past a host of Swansea defenders before seeing his effort just tipped over the bar by Fabianski.

Chelsea continued to look the more dangerous in the first half with N'Golo Kante firing over and Hazard seeing a strike saved at the near post, while Swansea had to wait until the 41st minute before their first real chance -- a Gylfi Sigurdsson first-time hit that sailed just wide of the post.

Costa had the perfect chance to double Chelsea's lead right before the break, but somehow managed to miss the target from just a few yards out following a corner.

Wilfried Zaha's opportunist strike handed Crystal Palace a first Premier League win of the season as Middlesbrough's unbeaten start came to an end.

Zaha capitalised on a dreadful error by Boro full-back George Friend two minutes into the second half to clinch a deserved victory -- just a third in 23 league games in 2016 for manager Alan Pardew -- in front of a crowd of 30,551 at the Riverside Stadium.

Christian Benteke had earlier paid off the first instalment of his £27.5 million transfer fee by heading the visitors into a 16th-minute lead, his opening goal for the club, and although Boro defender Daniel Ayala levelled seven minutes before the break, Pardew's men were not to be denied despite two late penalty claims.

With Joe Ledley prompting play behind a trio of Andros Townsend, Jason Puncheon and Wilfried Zaha in support of lone striker Benteke, the visitors controlled the opening period of the game as Zaha in particular caused problems for Friend.

In the circumstances, it was no surprise when the former Manchester United winger picked out the frontman at the far post with a 16th-minute cross and saw him climb high above Ayala to power home a header.

It could have been 2-0 eight minutes later when Zaha once again got the better of Friend wide on the right and picked out Benteke and he laid the ball off to Townsend, who forced a diving save from Victor Valdes.

Boro gradually found their feet with Stewart Downing down the left and Cristhian Stuani on the opposite flank starting to make an impression, but they got themselves back into the game from a set-piece.

Downing floated a 38th-minute corner towards Ayala, who leapt prodigiously before planting a header towards the far post, where Steve Mandanda could only help the ball into his own net.

The Teessiders might have returned to the dressing room with a lead had it not been for the Palace keeper, who denied Alvaro Negredo one-on-one on the stroke of half-time after Viktor Fischer had robbed Puncheon and played the striker in.

Valdes was not so fortunate two minutes after the restart when Friend tried to steer James McArthur's through-ball back to him, but left his effort fatally short, allowing Zaha to steal in and curl a left-foot shot into the net.

Downing blasted a 30-yard drive inches wide of the diving Mandanda's right post as Boro responded and, perhaps inspired by his team-mate, central defender Ben Gibson dispatched a 56th-minute rocket from even further out which required a touch from the keeper to prevent it from flying into his top corner.

Scott Dann survived appeals for a 73rd-minute penalty with Boro claiming handball as he cleared a Downing cross, and Ayala headed just over from another Downing corner four minutes later.

But the game ended in controversy when the ball appeared to strike Damien Delaney's arm after Mandanda had pushed away substitute Gaston Ramirez's shot, with referee Neil Swarbrick again unimpressed.

Romelu Lukaku ended an 11-game Premier League drought in style with an 11-minute hat-trick as he fired Everton to a 3-0 victory at Sunderland.

The Belgium international struck with 60th and 68th-minute headers and then completed his treble with 19 minutes remaining at the Stadium of Light to condemn former Toffees boss David Moyes, who lost his job as Manchester United manager after a defeat by the same opposition in April 2014, to a third defeat in four league outings so far this season.

Sunderland gave as good as they got before the break despite having to defend resiliently, but they were torn apart after it as Lukaku ran riot in front of a largely horrified crowd of 42,406.

With Gareth Barry and Ross Barkley providing the ammunition for £30million summer signing Yannick Bolasie to feed Lukaku, Everton were a threat early on, but with Sunderland keeper Jordan Pickford in fine form and defenders Papy Djilobodji and Patrick van Aanholt in determined mood, the Black Cats held firm in the face of a determined onslaught.

Pickford had to dive bravely at Lukaku's feet within seconds of the start after Bolasie had fired in a low cross, but Sunderland might have taken a 10th-minute lead when Adnan Januzaj's shot was blocked and looped perfectly into the path of Jermain Defoe, who for once sent his first-time volley over the bar.

Robert Snodgrass grabbed an injury-time lifeline for Hull as they continued to show their fighting spirit with a 1-1 draw at Burnley.

Snodgrass, who grabbed a hat-trick for Scotland against Malta, again showed his eye for goal by bending a last-chance free-kick past Tom Heaton to cancel out Steven Defour's wonderful opener.

The Belgium international looked to have settled things in the home side's favour in the 73rd minute with an elegant solo run and shot but the Tigers, under caretaker boss Mike Phelan, continue to defy grim predictions this term.

Both sides had been busy at the end of the transfer window but Johann Gudmundsson's recall was the only change made by either manager - meaning eight newcomers among the substitutes, including the teams' record signings Jeff Hendrick and Ryan Mason.

The first half was dogged by conservatism, Abel Hernandez gifted a rare chance by Michael Keane's ragged touch and George Boyd having two attempts charged down in the aftermath of a corner against his former club.

Jakupovic was having a quiet time in the Hull goal, watching on as Stephen Ward drilled over after Gudmundsson's volley was cleared.

The whistle was imminent when Snodgrass conjured the game's first moment of genuine skill.

Cutting in from the wing, he picked a wonderful pass that took four claret shirts out of the game and fell nicely for David Meyler, who shot across goal and grazed the outside of the post.

The visitors spurned an even better chance five minutes into the second half, Meyler finding space again in attack and cutting the ball across the six-yard box.

The Irishman found Adama Diomande at the far post but he inexplicably steered the ball wide with the goal at his mercy. The away end thought he had scored but realised as soon as the forward threw his hands to his head they were wrong.

Burnley were too timid when the ball finally broke for them, Andre Gray twice declining to shoot after good play from Boyd and Gudmundsson, allowing Curtis Davies to block a belated effort from Dean Marney.

But Sean Dyche's men began to push on, Ben Mee heading over at a corner, Boyd working Jakupovic for the first time in the 64th minute and Sam Vokes missing the target with a powerful 25-yarder.

The change of momentum was confirmed 17 minutes from time when Defour brought his class to bear.

In one graceful movement he brought down a high ball on his instep, eased past Clucas and set off to hammer past a grasping Jakupovic from range.

He exited the stage within minutes, replaced by Hendrick, with Hull sending for Will Keane, Mason and Shaun Maloney.

Mason thought he had a penalty after a collision with Heaton but Hull's disappointment did not linger.

With one final shot at redemption, Snodgrass stepped up and hit the net with an emphatic strike from 20 yards.

Liverpool's much-anticipated return to a new-look Anfield did not disappoint with a 4-1 win over Premier League champions Leicester.

It was a lively performance in the shadow of their gigantic, rebuilt £115million main stand as the early stages of the Foxes' defence of their title continued to stutter.

A second defeat in four league matches, having lost just three times last season on the way to their unexpected trophy, was not the preparation they would have wanted heading into a Champions League debut against Club Brugge on Wednesday.

Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane gave the home side a deserved 2-0 lead before a shambolic moment of madness saw Lucas Leiva pass to Jamie Vardy in the six-yard box and briefly change the tone.

However, Adam Lallana's third goal for club and country in six matches, having taken until January to reach that mark last season, and a late second for Firmino ensured the celebratory atmosphere did not fall flat.

On Friday chairman Tom Werner hailed the start of a new chapter at the stand's official opening and Anfield hosted its first match in 122 days in front of its first 50,000-plus attendance since a title-clinching win over Aston Villa in 1980 -- when the Kop was still standing-only.

There was a feeling of freshness in the hosts' play despite the interruption of an international break and with Daniel Sturridge restored to a central striking role -- Philippe Coutinho was left on the bench after a long trip back from Brazil -- Liverpool had someone who could stretch the champions' tight defence.

It was the distraction of his diagonal run into the Foxes' right-back area which opened up the channel for James Milner to thread a pass in to Firmino on the edge of the penalty area in the 13th minute, and he checked onto his right foot and shot past Kasper Schmeichel for the opener.

Manchester City beat Manchester United 2-1 to extend their perfect start to the Premier League season and end that of their local rivals in an entertaining and action-packed encounter at Old Trafford.

City, who handed a debut to goalkeeper Claudio Bravo and started Kelechi Iheanacho in place of the suspended Sergio Aguero, dominated the early exchanges with United looking nervous and out of sorts.

Pep Guardiola's side took the lead in the 15th minute, although in an unconventional manner. A long ball from left-back Aleksandar Kolarov was headed on by Iheanacho into the path of Kevin De Bruyne, who took advantage of hesitation from Daley Blind to put the visitors in front.

From there, City continued to control the game and United, who started with Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Jesse Lingard in place of Juan Mata and Anthony Martial, could not live with the high-tempo style of their rivals.

De Bruyne's intelligent movement and use of the ball was central to a City side that looked sharper and hungrier than the hosts, and it was the Belgium international's work that created a second goal for City after 35 minutes.

Turning into space in the box he shot across the face of goal and struck the inside of the post. Iheanacho, played onside by Blind, pounced on the rebound to double City's advantage and give them what looked like a decisive lead.

But a defensive error from City gave United a glimpse of hope before half-time. Bravo, clashing with John Stones, fumbled a long free kick from Wayne Rooney and Zlatan Ibrahimovic accurately volleyed home through a crowd of City players to reduce the deficit.

In added time at the end of the half, United showed their confidence was rising when a cross from Rooney found Ibrahimovic unmarked but his header was collected by Bravo.

Mourinho reacted to United's first half performance by making two changes at the break, substituting Mkhitaryan and Lingard for Marcus Rashford and Ander Herrera.

And within 60 seconds Rashford announced his arrival, turning Bacary Sagna before crossing for Ibrahimovic to shoot over as United made a high-octane start to the second half, pressing and harrying City in an attempt to stop the possession game that had seen them take the upper hand in the first half.

Guardiola reacted by replacing Iheanacho for defensive midfielder Fernando, leaving City without an orthodox striker as the game became a frantic end-to-end encounter.

Having made an error for United's goal, Bravo was forced into a last-ditch tackle on Rooney in order to prevent another, a challenge that left the striker in a heap on the turf.

Both sides continued to pile forward in search of another goal, which looked to have arrived when Rashford broke and had the ball in the net only to see it disallowed for Ibrahimovic straying into an offside position in front of the goalkeeper.

City, too, came close with De Bruyne striking the inside of the post for the second time in the match, before the ball rolled agonisingly across the goalline and away.

Despite their efforts neither side were able to find the energy to conjure another game-changing moment, giving Guardiola the bragging rights over Mourinho following their first taste of the Manchester derby.

That result leaves City top of the Premier League with 12 points from four games, three points ahead of United.

Santi Cazorla's controversial stoppage-time penalty was enough to give Arsenal victory over Southampton in their Premier League meeting at Emirates Stadium on Saturday.

With the match deep into added time and both sides looking like taking a share of the spoils, Cazorla thrashed home a spot-kick to seal a 2-1 win after substitute Olivier Giroud had been tugged to the ground by Jose Fonte.

But questions will be asked as to whether play should have been stopped by referee Robert Madley as Gunners' skipper Laurent Koscielny lay prone in front of the Saints goal with a head injury at the time.

Southampton had led through an own goal from Petr Cech with birthday boy Koscielny drawing Arsene Wenger's side level with a stunning overhead kick.

It looked like Wenger would have to settle for a point until Madley's late call allowed Cazorla to secure a second win of the season for Arsenal.

It was Claude Puel's men who settled the quicker of the two sides and they were ahead in the 18th minute when Dusan Tadic's free-kick was tipped onto the crossbar by Cech, with the ball then hitting the goalkeeper on the back and creeping over the line.

Arsenal were slow to get going, with debutant Lucas Perez quiet and Mesut Ozil off-colour, but they eventually enjoyed their first period of sustained pressure just before the half-hour mark.

And it led to the equaliser as Southampton failed to clear Cazorla's corner, with Koscielny finishing acrobatically from Lucas' back-header.

After the break the hosts were camped in the Saints half but could not test Fraser Forster, with Hector Bellerin's shot flashing wide on the hour the closest they came before Wenger made a double-change.

Lucas was replaced by Giroud while Sanchez came on in place of Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, but it was Southampton substitute Shane Long who should have had the visitors back in front.

Tadic did well to fend off Koscielny before playing Long in behind with a cute back-heel, only for the Republic of Ireland forward to lift a tame shot over Cech and well wide of goal.

Sanchez got his first sniff of goal moments later but could only arrow an effort over Forster's crossbar after breaking inside Cedric and into the box.

With the game still in the balance, Long headed over a good chance from the middle of Cech's goal before Nacho Monreal's strike was deflected behind by Cedric.

Cech made amends for his unfortunate own goal by keeping out a deflected Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg shot and then pouncing up to save Long's follow-up with his feet.

And the points would be secured by Arsenal as they played on despite Koscielny being down in the box, referee Madley allowing them to do so, and Giroud was pulled down by Fonte with Cazorla keeping his nerve to slot home his second penalty of the season.

Tottenham repeated their April annihilation of Stoke with another 4-0 win at the bet365 Stadium which maintained their unbeaten start to the season.

Spurs had only won once since thrashing the Potters at this venue five months ago when they looked like champions-elect and this was a performance in the manner of both that day and their late-season run.

Son Heung-Min, brought in for Erik Lamela after he played for Argentina in midweek, scored with two first-time finishes either side of the interval and England internationals Dele Alli and Harry Kane, both of whom scored doubles back in April, then found the net for the first time this season.

It was Kane's first in 10 games for club and country and his 50th Premier League goal in 87 top-flight appearances as he reached a welcome landmark ahead of the start of Spurs' Champions League campaign next week.

Defeat for Stoke ensured they remain rooted to the foot of the table and manager Mark Hughes had an elevated view for the second-half destruction having been sent to the stands by referee Anthony Taylor before the break.

Hughes' early-season frustration with referees carried into a second month on a day when his pre-match programme notes included a moan over penalty decisions given against the Potters in previous fixtures.

The Welshman was furious over the spot-kick awarded to Everton in their defeat prior to the international break, which followed two debatable penalty calls in the loss to Manchester City.

The source of his angst this time centred around a move which ended with Marko Arnautovic's booking for diving after he flopped to the deck despite Kane withdrawing his leg.

Arnautovic was cautioned by referee Taylor, who was then called over to send Hughes to the stands for the verbal abuse he appeared to direct at fourth official Jon Moss.

Hughes' mood did not improve as he struggled to find his route to the stands and he eventually walked along the touchline, geeing up the Stoke support before heading down the tunnel.

And he may not have taken his new seat by the time the visitors broke the deadlock through Son four minutes before the interval.

Christian Eriksen stabbed the ball across Joe Allen from the right and found Son, who had peeled off to the centre of the box where he guided a sweet first-time finish into the far corner of the net.

Spurs could well have been ahead earlier had Son been awarded a penalty after being tripped by Geoff Cameron, while Alli fired a glorious chance wide just after that, and they went through the gears to put the game beyond Stoke after the break.

The Eriksen-Son combination worked again to double their advantage as the latter bent a beautiful effort over Shay Given in the Stoke goal and it was 3-0 before the hour when, at the end of a counter attack down the right, Kyle Walker crossed for Alli to sweep home.

Tottenham's fans taunted their hosts with chants of 'Stoke City, it's happening again' and a fourth always looked likely as Eriksen brought a decent near-post save out of Given.

That goal came with 20 minutes to go through Kane after he applied a simple finish to Son's cross having first miskicked an attempt from Eriksen's cross on the other flank.

Mauricio Pochettino then prevented further damage from being inflicted as Kane and Eriksen were substituted to keep them fresh ahead of Monaco's visit to Wembley in midweek.

ends

Watford completed a remarkable comeback aided by poor defending from West Ham after firing four unanswered goals in a thrilling 4-2 Premier League victory.

Michail Antonio and Dimitri Payet combined to give the Hammers a comfortable lead, only for Walter Mazzarri's men to spring into action on an afternoon of high drama at London Stadium.

Odion Ighalo, Troy Deeney, Etienne Capoue and Jose Holebas were on target as the home defence fell apart and, but for a little more accuracy in the final 10 minutes, Watford could have won by more.

The first half alone produced four goals, Antonio plundering two of them as West Ham seized a 2-0 lead that owed much to the vision of France midfielder Payet.

Payet, starting his first match of the season after recovering from a thigh problem, provided the corner for Antonio's first before delivering a stunning rabona cross for his second.

Almost as captivating was Deeney's lob of goalkeeper Adrian in first-half injury-time that enabled Watford to enter half-time all-square and West Ham's fretful back four never recovered.

A 56,974 crowd at London Stadium was brought to its feet right from the start as West Ham grabbed a fifth-minute lead when Antonio headed home a corner by Payet.

Antonio and Payet had already forced smart early saves from Watford keeper Heurelho Gomes, who then watched in horror as an inexplicable back pass from short range by Daryl Janmaat struck the left post.

Chances were also falling at the other end, however, with Ighalo at fault for missing one before Adrian came to West Ham's rescue for the second.

The high-octane start gave way to a more measured spell, but the home team remained in control with Antonio offering their best avenue of attack down the right.

It was in the same area of the pitch that Payet produced a moment of magic that enabled West Ham to extend their lead, using his footwork to torment Watford's defence before executing a rabona cross to the far post.

Antonio needed to time is run correctly and he did exactly that, ghosting clear of his marker to nod home.

The thrills continued when Watford reduced the deficit five minutes before the interval with Ighalo turning Sam Bryan inside-out before stabbing home a shot that deflected off James Collins.

And there was still time in a dramatic first half for the visitors to snatch an equaliser after a dreadful mix-up between Collins and Adrian left the Hammers keeper in no man's land.

Deeney still faced the trickiest of chances, but the skipper was inch perfect as he lobbed the ball over Adrian and into the bottom right hand corner.

West Ham's crumbling defence then allowed a cross by full debutant Roberto Pereyra to sail over their heads to an unmarked Capoue, who rifled the ball home from close range to give Watford the lead for the first time.

Once more the home defence was exposed as Holebas drilled a pass by Ighalo into the back of the net, but they also cried foul after seeing Payet brought down in the build-up.

The complaints fell on deaf ears and the defenders could only have themselves to blame for allowing Watford to post an unlikely victory.

Jack Wilshere made his Bournemouth debut from the bench and promptly helped them to a first victory of the season against West Brom.

The midfielder, who moved to the Cherries in a shock deadline day loan switch from Arsenal, came on after 63 minutes with the score goalless and his new team tiring.

And with 11 minutes remaining, a cheeky flick from Callum Wilson secured a 1-0 win for the hosts and a winning start for Wilshere.

Cherries boss Eddie Howe decided against starting his new signing, perhaps wisely given his injury history, against Tony Pulis' physical Albion side.

The England international was forced to watch on as his new club dominated the first half, yet failed to make the most of a string of half-chances.

Andrew Surman and Harry Arter, the two players whose positions are most under threat by Wilshere's arrival, were particularly industrious in the centre as the Cherries pressed for an opener.

Jordon Ibe was also making his presence felt down the right, and after one early foray into the penalty area he had a shot deflected behind by Jonny Evans.

Charlie Daniels headed Ibe's free-kick straight at Ben Foster before Baggies defender Gareth McAuley had to divert another Ibe cross over his own crossbar.

Foster did well to keep out Josh King's improvised effort from a Daniels cross and also pushed Wilson's low drive wide.

Wilson could have opened the scoring when Foster saved from Junior Stanislas, but the striker could only hook the ball over an open goal from a tight angle.

Albion boss Tony Pulis this week voiced his frustration at the club's transfer dealings, but he was still able to give £13million record signing Nacer Chadli a debut.

And the Baggies almost pulled off a smash-and-grab raid on the stroke of half-time when Saido Berahino, back in the side having once again lasted the transfer window without managing to leave the club, saw his volley tipped over by Artur Boruc.

Moments after the interval, Boruc was called into action again with a stunning double save keeping out Brendan Galloway's fierce cross-shot and Berahino's follow-up.

Shortly after Boruc had to deal with Craig Dawson's header, Cherries boss Eddie Howe decided it was time to call for Wilshere, who came on for Ibe in the 63rd minute and took an advanced midfield role.

The 24-year-old's arrival appeared to give his side an immediate lift and Wilson almost broke the deadlock only to see Foster sprawl to keep out his low shot.

But West Brom would have taken the lead had Matt Phillips' free-kick been a few inches lower, only to see it graze the crossbar.

Wilshere's probing was causing the visitors problems, though, and they were finally breached when Adam Smith drove the ball across and Wilson backheeled it into the net for the winner.

Arsenal's season sprung into life as they recorded their first Premier League win of the season with a 3-1 victory at Watford.

Having lost at home to Liverpool and drawn 0-0 at champions Leicester, Arsene Wenger saw his side dominate the first half at Vicarage Road, as an early Santi Cazorla penalty was added to by Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil.

Watford, still looking for a win under Walter Mazzarri, looked better after the break as club-record signing Roberto Pereyra came off the bench to grab a consolation.

The Gunners, who are likely to add defender Shkodran Mustafi and forward Lucas Perez to their ranks in the coming days, were ahead in the ninth minute after Nordin Amrabat crashed into the back of Sanchez and, after a delay, referee Kevin Friend pointed to the spot.

Where Theo Walcott had failed on the opening day, Cazorla made no mistake, stroking his penalty down the middle as Heurelho Gomes dived to his left.

Walcott came close to adding a second as he latched onto Cazorla's low cross but Gomes was on hand to save with his feet.

And Watford were almost level moments later as Amrabat skipped past Nacho Monreal before his cross was turned towards his own goalkeeper by Laurent Koscielny, but Petr Cech shown fine reactions to push the ball clear.

Crystal Palace earned a valuable 1-1 Premier League draw at home to Bournemouth after a comeback inspired by substitute Wilfried Zaha.

Palace's preparations for this fixture had been undermined by Zaha asking manager Alan Pardew for a transfer to Tottenham and concluded with him being named on the substitute's bench.

His second-half introduction transformed their performance and led to Scott Dann's equalising goal, however, earning them their first point from their third league fixture of the season after Joshua King had given Bournemouth the lead.

The £27million club-record signing Christian Benteke may have been recruited to add the goals his new team had been missing but it was his half-hearted defending that led to Bournemouth's 11th-minute opening goal.

His casual clearance from Andrew Surman's free-kick only went as far as Harry Arter, who looped a pass to King from where the forward classily chested the ball down before finishing across the face of goal and inside the far left post.

Palace's goalscoring threat has been so minimal for much of 2016 that if a goal is conceded it often feels as though victory is already beyond them, and even more so they have to take the chances that come their way.

Just four minutes had passed when an outstanding one was presented. Referee Mike Dean harshly awarded a penalty when Charlie Daniels made slight contact with Benteke in the area, but instead of bringing his team level Yohan Cabaye watched as Artur Boruc dived to his right to save.

Eden Hazard inspired Chelsea to a thumping 3-0 win over Burnley to maintain their perfect start to the season.

Belgian playmaker Hazard grabbed his second goal in three matches as Chelsea pummelled the Clarets at Stamford Bridge.

Burnley may have beaten Liverpool with 19 per cent possession of the ball last weekend, but Antonio Conte's rampant side never looked remotely like falling for the counter-punch.

In fact the only surprise was that they only scored three as Hazard and Diego Costa could probably have bagged a hat-trick apiece.

As it was, they had to settle for Hazard's fine ninth-minute opener, Willian's first of the campaign shortly before half-time and a late strike from Victor Moses to make it three wins out of three.

Hazard got the ball rolling when he collected Nemanja Matic's pass inside his own half and galloped unchallenged down the left towards the Burnley penalty area.

The Belgian skipped inside Clarets defender Michael Keane before curling his shot past keeper Tom Heaton and inside the far post from 20 yards.

Hazard almost had a second five minutes later when he turned Matic's cross goalwards but Ben Mee cleared his effort off the line.

Tottenham rescued a point from their Premier League clash with Liverpool when Danny Rose rewarded a second-half fightback by firing the equaliser in a 1-1 draw at White Hart Lane.

Jurgen Klopp's side controlled most of the match and deserved to take the lead when James Milner converted from the penalty spot, but Spurs eventually burst into life with half an hour remaining.

A succession of thwarted chances preceded a beautifully taken goal from Rose, although it was some woeful defending that presented him with the chance to secure a second draw in three Premier League matches this season.

A lively encounter in north London was then up for grabs, with Spurs looking the more likely winners after staging a series of late attacks.

Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge arrived from the bench in the closing stages having been dropped from the starting lineup days after expressing his frustration at playing in a wide role during the 2-0 defeat at Burnley.

Divock Origi was chosen as the early replacement for Philippe Coutinho with Sturridge confined to a limited supporting role.

Marcus Rashford struck a stoppage-time winner to sink battling Hull as Manchester United maintained their 100 percent start in the Premier League under Jose Mourinho.

The United teenager, a second-half replacement for Juan Mata, turned home Wayne Rooney's slide-rule pass for the only goal of the game in the second minute of time added on to finally break Hull's brave resistance and send the newly promoted club to their first defeat of the season.

It was a tough pill to swallow for Hull, who would have deserved a point for their sheer endeavour had they managed to hold on, but United's patience was finally rewarded and it is they who join Chelsea at the top of the table.

Such was Hull's tenacity and discipline, especially on the edge of their penalty area, United found chances hard to come by in the first half.

Zlatan Ibrahimovic headed just over the crossbar from Anthony Martial's cross in the 10th minute, while Hull passed with precision on the counter-attack, one of which ended with Marouane Fellaini being booked for his foul on Adama Diomande within striking distance.

Robert Snodgrass curled the resulting free kick just wide and was then inches away from latching on to Andy Robertson's superb cross at the back post.

United hogged possession and probed patiently, but were able to fashion very little with it. Juan Mata's 33rd-minute free kick was easily gathered by Eldin Jakupovic and at the other end David de Gea was forced into a diving catch from Abel Hernandez's header.

Rooney went close to breaking the deadlock for United in the 36th minute, but his shot was blocked by Hull skipper Curtis Davies close to the goal line.

United threatened again as half-time approached, but after he had guided Rooney's through ball away from Jakupovic at full stretch, Ibrahimovic's audacious backheel found only the side-netting.

Snodgrass, who collided with the post following his lunge to get on the end of Robertson's cross and required treatment, was replaced by Shaun Maloney three minutes into the second half.

Hull found themselves increasingly pegged back after the break but retained their shape and their composure as United's threat was snuffed out on the edge of the area.

Mourinho sent on Henrikh Mkhitaryan, yet to make his first start for United, for Martial on the hour mark, while Ibrahimovic's frustration was evident after Mata nicked the ball off him on the edge of the box only to lose control.

United fans appealed for a penalty when Valencia's cross hit David Meyler's shoulder and Rooney pulled a low right-footed shot wide before Tom Huddlestone twice threatened in quick succession for Hull.

The midfielder's first shot from outside the area was deflected wide off Eric Bailly and from the half-cleared corner which followed, he fired just off target.

Pogba curled a tame free kick wide before Marcus Rashford, a 71st-minute replacement for Mata, forced a fine one-handed save from Jakupovic after jinking into the area and shooting low towards the bottom corner.

United were camped in Hull's half as the game drew to a close and when the ball fell to Mkhitaryan inside the area Davies won a standing ovation from the home fans by hurling himself in front of the midfielder's goalbound shot.

Meyler almost snatched it for Hull in the dying moments as he fired over, but United broke free down the other end and Rooney took the ball past Elmohamady to the byline and slipped an inch-perfect low cross into Rashford's pass for the substitute to tap home the winner from two yards.

West Brom and Middlesbrough laboured to a wretched 0-0 draw at The Hawthorns as the Baggies' need for reinforcements grew.

In a game of few redeeming features it took Boro until 17 minutes from time to have their first shot on target with Albion equally toothless.

Baggies boss Tony Pulis wants five new players before Wednesday's transfer deadline and the hosts' failings were clear to see as they never broke down the resolute visitors.

Albion needed a performance after being dumped out of the EFL Cup on penalties by Northampton in midweek but never got going against the Premier League newboys, who now have a healthy return of five points from their first three games.

There was little excitement from the off but Antonio Barragan at least halted James McClean early on before the winger was thwarted by Brad Guzan after 11 minutes.

Darren Fletcher's neat pass found the on-rushing McClean but Guzan smothered his six yard effort with the keeper relatively untroubled during a non-event of a first half.

Salomon Rondon headed two half chances well wide while Boro failed to create anything meaningful themselves with Alvaro Negredo isolated and anonymous.

Played at a pre-season pace neither side looked remotely like opening the scoring as West Brom's need for more attacking threat was laid bare.

McClean was their brightest spark but £12million record buy Rondon was laboured and underlined why boss Pulis has been chasing new signings, including Southampton's Jay Rodriguez.

Ronald Koeman registered his first home Premier League win as Everton manager but required the assistance of a Shay Given own goal from a Leighton Baines penalty to achieve it.

The defender's second-half spot-kick rebounded back off the post and the Stoke goalkeeper to secure a 1-0 win which should, on the balance of play, have been far more comfortable.

Nevertheless the victory gave Everton their best start to a season since 2006 and ensured the renewed positivity at Goodison Park continues to grow.

Koeman handed a first Premier League start to new centre-back Ashley Williams, and also winger Yannick Bolasie, but it was a defender at the other end of the pitch who caught the eye.

It was not really a case of trying to stake a claim for a long-awaited England recall in front of new boss Sam Allardyce as Ryan Shawcross has been playing like this, when injury free, for most of the time he has been at Stoke.

His England involvement was apparently over before it began in 2012 when he came on as a 74th-minute substitute in a friendly against Sweden and promptly saw Zlatan Ibrahimovic score a hat-trick to win the game 4-2.

Jay Rodriguez's first Premier League goal since March 2014 salvaged Southampton a 1-1 draw after Jermain Defoe thought his penalty had handed Sunderland a priceless away victory.

Stand-in Sunderland goalkeeper Jordan Pickford's mistake gifted Southampton the leveller, however, as the Black Cats' deputy allowed Rodriguez's strike to slip under his body in a cruel late blow.

This was Pickford's chance to come of Premier League age after Vito Mannone's elbow injury, but the 22-year-old's error proved very costly on the south coast.

England forward Rodriguez has spent the last two years battling serious knee ligament trouble, and even in midweek new Saints boss Claude Puel suggested he could go on loan for regular match action.

The 27-year-old will insist his late goal underscores his lasting abilities however, as he hit the Premier League net for the first time since a brace in Southampton's 4-0 win over Newcastle at St Mary's on March 29, 2014.

Defoe's unrivalled sharpness so nearly sealed a vital win on the road for David Moyes' men, but in the end both sides remain winless in the league after three matches.

New Sunderland boss Moyes insisted Pickford could prove himself worthy of a regular run ahead of this clash, with Mannone now out for three months.

But the ex-Manchester United and Everton manager may well look to the transfer market to add competition among his goalkeepers now, even if Pickford can still have a bright future.

Jamie Vardy's first goal of the season set Leicester on their way to the first victory of their Premier League title defence as Swansea were beaten 2-1 at the King Power Stadium.

Vardy, the champions' leading scorer last season with 24 goals, got off the mark for the new campaign in typical fashion by emphatically finishing a lovely Leicester move.

Captain Wes Morgan doubled the lead early in the second half before Riyad Mahrez saw a penalty saved by Lukasz Fabianski and Leroy Fer headed a goal back for Swansea late on.

The victory meant Leicester avoided becoming the first champions since Manchester United in 2007-08 to begin the defence of their title without winning any of their first three Premier League matches.

In the opening minute Shinji Okazaki poked out a leg to reach Robert Huth's flick-on from a Christian Fuchs long throw but was unable to get a telling contact to worry Fabianski.

Mahrez curled a free-kick over the crossbar after Federico Fernandez had brought down Vardy right on the edge of the penalty area with a mis-timed sliding tackle that earned the Argentinian defender a 10th-minute yellow card.

Leicester enjoyed a period of sustained pressure midway through the first half which saw Danny Drinkwater glance a header across the face of goal and a Vardy pull-back from the byline scrambled clear.

Leicester were knocking on the door but Swansea reminded them they were a threat on the break and Gylfi Sigurdsson twice worked Kasper Schmeichel either side of the half-hour mark with shots from the edge of the box.

Raheem Sterling struck twice as Pep Guardiola's winning start as Manchester City boss continued with a hard-fought 3-1 win over West Ham.

Sterling's first after seven minutes and another from Fernandinho soon after appeared to put a dominant City on course for a huge victory at the Etihad Stadium.

But the hosts were unable to maintain their scintillating early pace and Michail Antonio's 58th-minute reply set up a tense finish until Sterling rolled in his second in added time at the end of the game.

City's victory sets up a mouth-watering derby against Manchester United next month, although Sergio Aguero could face disciplinary trouble after an apparent elbow on Winston Reid went unpunished.

As expected, Guardiola returned to Willy Caballero in goal, with Joe Hart on the bench, as Claudio Bravo was kept waiting for his debut.

But at times City's play and dominance of possession was so mesmerising they hardly seemed to need a goalkeeper.

They looked in the mood from the outset with the training ground lessons from Guardiola clearly having a positive effect on their play.

David Silva and Sterling were particularly lively and as Aguero won possession and brushed past Reid to shoot wide after just two minutes, it looked like the Hammers were in for a long afternoon.

Leicester City and Arsenal ground out a 0-0 draw at the King Power Stadium as the Gunners were left to rue their lack of firepower.

Both teams remain winless after their opening two Premier League games, with champions Leicester frustrating the visitors for long spells on Saturday evening.

Theo Walcott threatened, but Foxes goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel was rarely forced into serious action.

It only added to the growing calls for Gunners boss Arsene Wenger -- who was urged to spend by the travelling fans -- to find a new striker as the visitors never capitalised on their territorial dominance.

For the hosts, Danny Drinkwater had strong penalty claims dismissed as Jamie Vardy, who rejected Arsenal over the summer before signing a new deal with Leicester, and his teammates failed to find the back of the net.

Arsenal, the only visiting team to win in the league at this venue last term, bossed the first half without ever looking like they would score.

Comfortable in possession -- with the Foxes clearly missing N'Golo Kante following his move to Chelsea -- Arsene Wenger's team were left trying to thread the ball through Leicester's massed ranks.

Hector Bellerin and Walcott wriggled free down the left twice in the opening 25 minutes but there was nothing to seriously trouble the hosts and, for all of Arsenal's delicate play, they again looked to lack punch even as Leicester struggled to impose themselves.

Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain bent a shot wide from 25 yards before Santi Cazorla almost opened the scoring on 31 minutes when his floated free-kick had to be scooped away by Schmeichel.

Michail Antonio's late winner ensured West Ham christened the London Stadium with a 1-0 victory over Bournemouth.

The Hammers welcomed the Premier League into their new home for the first time and got off to a winning start when Antonio crashed in a header five minutes from time.

The cause was helped by Bournemouth's Harry Arter, who eight minutes earlier had been shown the stadium's first red card.

The match will not live long in the memory but Hammers boss Slaven Bilic will not mind as his side collected their first points of the season.

Bilic was desperate for West Ham to get that first win under their belt as quickly as possible but unfortunately for him the new era had begun with some all-too-familiar news, with perennially-injured Andy Carroll having been ruled out for up to six weeks with knee damage.

With star midfielder Dimitri Payet and club record signing Andre Ayew also out injured, this was not the team Bilic would have liked to select.

Payet's sense of occasion alone might have lifted an otherwise flat first half, as Bournemouth sat back and invited a toothless Hammers attack to try their luck.

Liverpool consolidated fourth spot in the Premier League with a come-from-behind 2-1 home victory over Burnley.

Ashley Barnes had opened the scoring with the Clarets' first goal at Anfield since 1975 in the seventh minute, with the hosts looking short of ideas in the absence of injured forward Roberto Firmino.

But Georginio Wijnaldum equalised with the last kick of the first half and Emre Can completed the comeback just after the hour mark, as Jurgen Klopp's side went some way to eradicating the curse of the bottom-half teams.

Defeat in the reverse fixture, back in August, set the standard for the way "lesser" sides combated the Reds' attacking style and, for 45 minutes, it appeared Sean Dyche's men were about to repeat the trick.

The result lifted Liverpool within a point of second-placed Tottenham and third-spotted Manchester City, who were both in FA Cup action this weekend.

There was none of the verve or intensity shown the previous weekend in the victory over Arsenal, with striker Divock Origi struggling in his first Premier League start for two months.

But he was not alone as the team looked devoid of ideas until Wijnaldum's intervention, the Dutchman extending his remarkable run of having scored all his Premier League goals at home (five for Liverpool, 11 for Newcastle).

Can's goal was his first in three months -- a sumptuous low effort from distance -- and sealed the triumph for a Liverpool team whose five league defeats have all come against opponents below 10th in the table.

Diego Costa struck another late winner for Chelsea as they came from behind to beat Watford 2-1 in their Premier League clash at Vicarage Road.

Etienne Capoue thrashed the hosts in front 10 minutes after the interval, only for Michy Batshuayi to come off the bench and capitalise on a poor piece of goalkeeping from Heurelho Gomes to draw Chelsea level with his first goal for the club.

And it was a superb through-ball from another substitute in Cesc Fabregas which set Costa away in the closing stages, with the striker making no mistake as he fired home another match-winning goal to give Antonio Conte's side a second 2-1 success of the season.

Having relied on a late Costa strike to beat West Ham on Monday, Conte's men were largely disappointing but found a way to win.

Watford paraded new acquisitions Younes Kaboul and club-record signing Roberto Pereyra before kick-off, and the Hornets had the first decent chance of the game as Jose Holebas was played in by Miguel Britos and struck a low shot that was well saved by Thibaut Courtois.

The visitors did look dangerous on the odd occasion and Britos did well to clear Eden Hazard's low cross away from the onrushing Costa.

Heavy rain set in at the midway point of the first half but it would not dampen Watford's impressive start as Odion Ighalo went close, turning the impressive Nordin Amrabat's cross over the bar.

Victor Wanyama scored a late header to give Tottenham's season lift-off as Mauricio Pochettino's men recorded their first victory of the campaign against Crystal Palace.

Spurs looked destined for a frustrating afternoon at White Hart Lane as summer signing Vincent Janssen and Harry Kane were both thwarted by a resolute Palace back line.

Instead Wanyama, bought from Southampton in June, capped his home debut with an 83rd-minute winner, heading in from close range to snatch a dramatic 1-0 win.

Tottenham fans arriving for their first game of the season would have been surprised to see their ground with a gaping hole in the north east corner, as the construction of the club's new stadium has meant the removal of 4,000 seats at one end.

They may also have looked twice at the teamsheet as Pochettino dropped Dele Alli and instead rewarded Janssen, impressive off the bench against Everton last weekend after joining from AZ Alkmaar, with a starting spot up front.

Palace had announced the signing of their own blockbuster forward, Christian Benteke, less than five hours before kick-off, but the Belgian was not involved in the squad and will have to wait until Tuesday's EFL Cup game against Blackpool for a chance to make his debut.

Ronald Koeman got his first Premier League victory as Everton manager as his side came from a goal down to beat West Brom 2-1 at The Hawthorns.

The Baggies made the perfect start to their home campaign as Gareth McAuley headed them into an early lead.

However, goals from Kevin Mirallas and Gareth Barry either side of half-time saw Koeman claim his first three-point haul as Toffees boss after the 1-1 draw at home to Tottenham on the opening day.

West Brom's opening goal came after eight minutes following some good forward play from Salomon Rondon, who held off Ramiro Funes Mori and controlled Craig Gardner's long ball into the box before getting in a shot that Maarten Stekelenburg did well to block.

From the resulting corner, an inswinger from Gardner, McAuley jumped highest between Mirallas and Phil Jagielka to head home at the far post from two yards out.

Everton struggled to muster a response until midway through the first half when a low cross from Leighton Baines found Barry arriving just inside the penalty area, but he fired his shot tamely at Ben Foster.

As the half-hour approached, former Albion loanee Romelu Lukaku received a warm round of applause from some of the home fans as he warmed up on the touchline -- and after 37 minutes he was on the pitch in place of James McCarthy in what looked like a tactical switch by Koeman.

Lukaku was not directly involved but the switch did quickly bring a reward as Everton equalised in the final minute of the half when a lovely one-touch passing move started by Mirallas and involving Barry and Ross Barkley was given the finish it deserved by the little Belgian when Mirallas beat Foster from 12 yards out.

Hull recorded a second straight Premier League victory as their 2-0 win condemned Swansea to a first home defeat since February.

Shaun Maloney and Abel Hernandez struck in the final 12 minutes as the Tigers built on their surprise opening day win at home to champions Leicester.

Maloney had only been on the pitch six minutes when Curtis Davies flicked on Robert Snodgrass' 78th-minute corner and he finished from close range.

Hernandez wrapped up the three points in stoppage time as the Swans were punished on the break.

Swansea had won their first game at Burnley, but they ran out of ideas at the Liberty Stadium after a promising opening in which Modou Barrow's pace posed problems.

Until Maloney's goal it looked as if the main talking point would be referee Stuart Attwell turning down three penalty claims in the first half -- two from Swansea and one for Hull.

Barrow appeared to be taken out by Tigers defender Andrew Robertson after 14 minutes, even though the Swansea winger was running out of room in the area.

Manchester City made it six points from two Premier League games under Pep Guardiola as they won 4-1 at Stoke City, with Sergio Aguero and Nolito both scoring twice.

The visitors made a bright start on a blustery day in the Potteries and twice threatened to open the scoring before 10 minutes had been played.

First Fernandinho marginally overhit a through ball aimed for Kevin De Bruyne, and then Aguero left a couple of defenders trailing before wasting the chance to deliver a telling cross.

But Stoke, with Joe Allen showing some neat touches, began to create chances of their own after Raheem Sterling had blazed another effort over the top for the visitors.

Giannelli Imbula trundled a tame effort towards Willy Caballero after the ball had broken to him on the edge of the area following a sharp Stoke attack, and then Allen saw his attempt to steer the ball into the six-yard box thwarted by Nicolas Otamendi.

But the deadlock was broken after 27 minutes when Stoke defender Ryan Shawcross held Otamendi at a corner and referee Mike Dean pointed to the penalty spot.

Aguero, despite missing two penalties in the Champions League in midweek, strode forward to smash the ball high past Shay Given.

The visitors were galvanised by that breakthrough and doubled the lead moments later when Aguero got on the end of a fine De Bruyne free kick to head firmly past Given and into the corner.

Caballero made a fine save to prevent Phil Bardsley from cutting the deficit before the break, and then Aleksandar Kolarov appeared to bring Allen down inside the area but the referee waved play on.

But Stoke were handed a route back into the game just three minutes into the second half when Sterling was adjudged to have obstructed Shawcross, with Bojan thumping the penalty home to halve the deficit.

But although the home side continued to press, a John Stones challenge thwarted Mame Biram Diouf before Caballero came racing off his line to hack the ball clear as Diouf looked set to profit.

Stoke appealed for a late penalty as Sterling appeared to have a foot high on substitute Jon Walters, but Dean again waved away the protests as Guardiola's side held on to make it six points from six and go second in the table.

Nolito put the game beyond any doubt, sweeping home the third from a few yards out after the ball had been cut back across the area by substitute Kelechi Iheanacho.

And with seconds of injury time remaining, Sterling supplied Nolito with his second close-range finish of the afternoon.



Cristhian Stuani handed Aitor Karanka his first Premier League victory as Middlesbrough claimed the Wear-Tees derby honours at Sunderland.

Stuani's first-half double secured the three points at the Stadium of Light, although the Teessiders had to weather a second-half fightback after David Moyes' men gave themselves a chance with Patrick van Aanholt's 71st-minute strike.

But to the disappointment of the locals among a crowd of 43,515, it was the top-flight newcomers who emerged victorious on an afternoon when the Black Cats, who have not won a Premier League game in August or September since 2012, were made to pay for both defensive frailty and wayward finishing.

Moyes had been encouraged by his side's performance in the opening-day defeat at Manchester City, but having seen his resources further depleted by Younes Kaboul's departure for Watford, want-away defender Lamine Kone's back injury and Fabio Borini's absence with a toe problem, the XI with which he started had an inexperienced look about it.

That said, Adnan Januzaj, Lynden Gooch and Duncan Watmore all started in promising fashion as the Black Cats took the game to their neighbours, although with star striker Jermain Defoe strangely subdued, they were able to create little of note before disaster struck.

Zlatan Ibrahimovic refused to share his Old Trafford spotlight with Paul Pogba, scoring in each half as Manchester United brushed aside Southampton 2-0 in the first of the Premier League's new Friday night attractions.

Pogba, the most expensive man in football with an £89 million price tag around his neck, was handed his second United debut after missing the season opener through suspension, but Ibrahimovic is not a man to be outdone easily.

Pogba is United's future, and he turned in a midfield performance brimming with athleticism, energy and skill, but Ibrahimovic is the man of the moment, taking his tally to four goals in his first three matches with a precision header and a neat penalty.

The return of the prodigal child certainly caused a prematch stir, with Pogba's image glaring broodingly from the matchday programme and the home fans reserving their loudest roar for his name.

After such a build-up it was almost inevitable that his first touch would be a disappointment and he duly miscontrolled the ball off his instep before giving it away with a sloppy retrieval attempt.

But the fans were audibly energised, a stark contrast to the flatness of the Louis van Gaal era, and Ibrahimovic, Pogba and Juan Mata were soon probing away with a series of neat touches and flicks in the final third.

Ibrahimovic's cutback gave Pogba an early chance at goal in the 13th minute, but his curling effort was never likely to beat visiting goalkeeper Fraser Forster.

Southampton relied on counter-attacks and might have taken the lead when Nathan Redmond peeled away from Eric Bailly and into the box.

Dusan Tadic was lurking at the far post but Redmond put too much on his cross and the chance disappeared.

An opening goal never seemed far away, be it Shane Long missing by a yard after United failed to clear a free-kick or Wayne Rooney warming Forster's hands with a low drive.

Ibrahimovic also attempted a trademark bicycle kick after Pogba's cute chip and Mata's flick on, but he could not control the attempt.

United eventually broke the deadlock in the 36th minute when Rooney hunted down Antonio Valencia's pass at the corner flag. He took a moment to assess his options and hung a bending cross to the leaping Ibrahimovic.

He outjumped Jose Fonte, hung in the air and guided his header past the diving goalkeeper.

The game was effectively settled inside in the first seven minutes of the second half.

Southampton came tantalisingly close to parity when Tadic beat David de Gea with his head, only for the referee to chalk it off for a push.

Within seconds United were attacking at the other end, Luke Shaw had burrowed into the box and Jordy Clasie was penalised for felling him.

Ibrahimovic stepped up, buried the penalty and the points were all but safe.

United were eager to entertain though, and Pogba might have put the perfect end to matters when he rose to meet a 63rd-minute corner. He was not the only one to react with shock as his header landed in the crowd rather than the net.

Ibrahimovic was also hunting his hat-trick, but made a rare error in timing when Mata picked him out at the far post.

Pogba had one last late chance to pen his dream finale but after making great ground on the overlap he shot wide.

Premier League champions Leicester were stunned as they kicked off the defence of their title with a 2-1 defeat against newly promoted Hull, who had only 13 fit senior players, at the KC Stadium.

Claudio Ranieri took the opportunity to give two of his summer signings a first Premier League start. Luis Hernandez replaced the suspended Robert Huth in central defence and club-record signing Ahmed Musa partnered Jamie Vardy up front.

The Foxes had the better of the early exchanges in the first-half with Musa's pace down the left wing allowing Vardy a shot at goal in the 18th minute but the England international miscued his effort and Riyad Mahrez fired the follow-up wide.

On 25 minutes Leicester again came close, with Mahrez's fancy footwork causing Hull problems on the right wing but Danny Drinkwater's shot drifted narrowly off target.

Five minutes before the break Christian Fuchs saw an effort saved, makeshift defender Jake Livermore blocked a Vardy shot and Mahrez shot wide as Leicester stepped up their search for a first goal of the campaign with no success.

But they were made to pay for their profligacy in front of goal when Hull took the lead against the run of play in added time at the end of the half. Kasper Schmeichel saved excellently from Curtis Davies' header before the rebound was acrobatically kicked in by a combination of Abel Hernandez and Adama Diomande although it was officially awarded to Norwegian striker Diomande.

The lead was short-lived though, with Mahrez levelling things from the penalty spot after Demarai Gray was adjudged to have been fouled by Tom Huddlestone on the edge of the area just 14 seconds into the second-half.

Hull then got their noses back in front on 56 minutes with a powerful left-footed strike from Robert Snodgrass after sloppy defending from Leicester.

Ranieri changed things around in the 67th minute with Daniel Amartey and Shinji Okasaki replacing Andy King and Demarai Gray allowing Leicester to have a three-man attack.

But it didn't have the desired effect with Hull sitting deep and allowing little room for the Foxes to get behind and create chances as Claudio Ranieri's men returned to earth after their stunning success last season.

Liverpool came from behind to begin their Premier League season with victory in a seven-goal thriller against Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium.

The hosts took the lead through Theo Walcott, who recovered from missing a penalty to slot home just 69 seconds later, but Jurgen Klopp's side stormed back as a Philippe Coutinho brace and strikes from Adam Lallana and Sadio Mane proved enough to seal the points.

Arsenal rallied to grab two back through Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Calum Chambers but ultimately came up short as Liverpool were left celebrating a remarkable 4-3 win.

The game took time to get going but it was Arsenal who were given a golden opportunity to take the lead when Walcott was felled inside the box by Alberto Moreno.

The England international dusted himself down to take the resulting penalty only for Simon Mignolet to guess right and make the save.

Walcott did not let his head drop, however, and made up for the miss by putting the Gunners ahead moments later, picking up Alex Iwobi's pass and this time giving Mignolet no chance.

With Arsenal upping the pace, Liverpool tried to hit back straight away but Roberto Firmino's effort was well wide of Petr Cech's right-hand post as Klopp's side struggled to create chances.

Zlatan Ibrahomovic scored on his Premier League debut as Jose Mourinho's tenure got off to a fine start with a 3-1 win away at Bournemouth.

Juan Mata and Wayne Rooney also got on the scoresheet as Mourinho's team had far too much power.

The first half was a disappointing affair with very few clear openings.

United's first real chance came just before the half hour when Mata shifted the ball to Rooney, but the striker's effort was low and straight at Artur Boruc in the Bournemouth goal.

Harry Arter then fired over from 35 yards in a show of frustration at being unable to break the visitors down.

United took the lead five minutes before half-time, but needed a mistake from a Bournemouth defender to help them.

Simon Francis' pass back to Artur Boruc was short and enabled Mata to intercept -- Boruc smothered the initial effort but the ball then rebounded back off Francis and Mata rolled into an empty net.

Rooney should have doubled the lead six minutes after half-time when he muscled Steve Cook off the ball to get through on goal, but Boruc stood tall to deflect his effort.

Moments later Rooney appealed for a penalty after an alleged trip by Andrew Surman -- replays suggested there was minimal contact.

Rooney did get on the scoresheet in the 59th minute to double United's lead. Antonio Valencia burst through on the right before crossing for Anthony Martial, whose scuffed shot fell perfectly for Rooney to nod home from six yards out.

Ibrahimovic almost got in on the act when his powerful free kick was well stopped by Boruc.

But seconds later the Swede added to his debut goal in preseason and his goal in the Community Shield win over Leicester with another on his Premier League bow. He picked the ball up 25 yards from goal and perfectly placed a low shot into the opposite corner, opting for precision over power.

Bournemouth gave themselves hopes in the 69th minute when substitute Adam Smith checked inside and fired a superb right-footed effort into the top corner, but there was to be no way back.

Xherdan Shaqiri denied promoted Middlesbrough the perfect start to their Premier League campaign as his superb free-kick handed Stoke a draw they scarcely deserved.

Switzerland international Shaqiri beat Boro keeper Victor Valdes with a curling 67th-minute effort to cancel out debutant Alvaro Negredo's opener as the Teessiders dominated for long periods in front of a crowd of 32,110.

Indeed, had the impressive Gaston Ramirez not been thwarted by both the post and the bar before the break, they might have had the points wrapped up long before the Potters levelled to snatch a 1-1 draw.

Stoke's 40-year-old keeper Shay Given, starting in place of the injured Jack Butland, had to tip a speculative effort from Albert Adomah on to the roof of his net and Ramirez headed over from a Stewart Downing corner inside the opening eight minutes.

But Stoke did not heed the warnings and fell behind with 11 minutes gone when Adomah, this time from the left, crossed deep for Ramirez to head back across goal and Negredo climbed above defender Philipp Wollscheid to bundle the ball into the net.

The visitors gradually started to work their way into a physical game - there were four bookings in eight minutes, the last of them for Given as he fell foul of reinforced dissent rules after racing from his line to protest over Ramirez's challenge on Erik Pieters - with Bojan Krkic and Shaqiri belatedly finding their feet.

But it was the Teessiders, despite losing Marten de Roon to a hamstring injury, who continued to threaten on a more regular basis and they were denied a second when Ramirez fired a left-foot shot across Given from the corner of the penalty area and saw it clip the post.

The former Southampton midfielder was enjoying his afternoon and he rattled the goal-frame once again in stoppage time, curling a corner against the crossbar with the keeper beaten.

For their part, the Potters offered little of note going forward with Marko Arnautovic blazing wide after cutting inside from Pieters' pass and Shaqiri wasting a good one-two with the Austrian by firing into the side-netting after collecting a deflected return pass.

Stoke's efforts to force their way back into the game were laboured and Arnautovic volleyed well wide after bursting onto Pieters' intelligent 58th-minute throw-in, although the home side should probably have extended their lead on the hour when Adomah was set free down the right but could only pick out defender Phil Bardsley, with Negredo and Stewart Downing awaiting his pass.

Arnautovic was the visitors' biggest threat but simply could not find his bearings, to the point where he uprooted a corner flag with his 64th-minute shot.

However, Shaqiri finally made an impact with 23 minutes remaining when he curled a fine free-kick over the defensive wall and looked on as Valdes could only help the ball into his bottom corner.

Wollscheid was booked after appearing to lash out at Ramirez in a frenetic conclusion, but there was to be no late drama.

A late Paddy McNair own goal handed Manchester City a 2-1 win over Sunderland in Pep Guardiola's first match in charge.

An equaliser from Jermain Defoe had looked like denying Guardiola in the Premier League opener at the Etihad Stadium but substitute McNair, signed from Manchester United this week, headed into his own net after 87 minutes.

Guardiola had made an immediate impact at City by dropping Joe Hart and Yaya Toure and on the field his side quickly took the lead with a Sergio Aguero penalty.

But Sunderland, responding to their new manager David Moyes, weathered the early storm and almost claimed a highly creditable point after Defoe netted his 144th Premier League goal.

Yet by the finish, the talk had refocused on Guardiola, who punched the air with satisfaction at the final whistle.

He could hardly have created bigger shockwaves by leaving out England number one Hart in a move certain to increase speculation over his future while one-time team lynchpin Toure did not even made the squad.

New £47.5million signing John Stones was handed an immediate debut alongside fellow new recruit Nolito while Aleksandar Kolarov played in an unfamiliar central defensive role.

It may take time for Guardiola's blueprint for success to become evident but it was clear the team now have a different, non-stop approach.

Sunderland gave preferred City goalkeeper Willy Caballero an early test but he pushed away Patrick van Aanholt's third-minute free-kick comfortably enough.

Van Aanholt then allowed City to gain the advantage a minute later when he slid in late to foul Raheem Sterling in the area.

Aguero coolly struck home from the spot to get the Guardiola era up and running.

City continued to dominate possession throughout the first half but chances were few and far between as Sunderland settled and refused to let the hosts have things their way.

It was some time before Nolito went close by curling across goal and Kevin De Bruyne fired wide with a long-range effort.

Sunderland also had some occasional moments with Defoe, still a sharp operator at 33, prompting Caballero to rush out of his area to clear and then extending the keeper with an instinctive volley.

Sterling remained full of running into the second half and troubled the Sunderland defence as he reached the byline and crossed but Aguero shot wide in the ensuing goalmouth scramble.

City were made to rue that miss as Sunderland hit back through the evergreen Defoe 19 minutes from time.

FabioBorini's pass to Jack Rodwell drew out Stones and the former City midfielder quickly played in Defoe, who found himself with time to stroke the ball past Caballero.

That was not in the Guardiola script but his team produced the required response.

Substitute Jesus Navas broke down the right and his cross took a fortunate ricochet off Vito Mannone to hit McNair on the head and go in.

City almost claimed another in injury time when Kelechi Iheanacho broke clear but his shot was deflected over.

Leroy Fer's 82nd-minute winner denied Burnley a point on their Premier League return as Swansea claimed a 1-0 victory at Turf Moor.

Last year's second-tier champions suffered their first league defeat since Boxing Day, 24 games ago, as Dutchman Fer, who made his move to South Wales permanent in the summer, finished from close range.

The Swans had sold both Andre Ayew and Ashley Williams in the week but their resurgence under Francesco Guidolin carried on regardless, even though record signing Borja Baston was absent here and Gylfi Sigurdsson started on the bench.

Burnley's own transfer business is yet to be concluded, with a record fee for Belgian midfielder Steven Defour understood to be agreed with Anderlecht, and they will be keen to kickstart their campaign soon having started their previous Premier League tilt with a 10-game winless run.

They will have seen this home fixture against Swansea as an ideal chance to record an early victory and although Scott Arfield's half volley forced Lukasz Fabianski into early action, Guidolin's three-man central midfield, featuring new skipper Leon Britton and one-time Burnley loanee Jack Cork, was able to dictate play against a Clarets side still looking to replace Joey Barton.

A couple of tame attempts from Fernando Llorente aside, few problems were posed to Sean Dyche's team, though, and the threat of Andre Gray was evident as he crashed one half volley over and drilled another into Fabianski's fists.

The visitors would finish the half stronger as Wayne Routledge smashed a volley wide from the edge of the box after being picked out by Modou Barrow and Arfield was on hand to clear off the line when Jordi Amat looked to turn home from a corner.

Both goalkeepers were guilty of failing to deal with crosses at the start of the second period and were fortunate they were not punished on either occasion. Tom Heaton missed a Kyle Naughton delivery but Barrow's try was blocked by Matthew Lowton and Fabianski could not collect a David Jones corner which nearly reached Michael Keane, whose shirt seemed to be tugged by Fer.

Gray's pace continued to worry Swansea's backline and after Amat was booked for hauling him down, Fabianski burst out of his box to slide in as the former non-league forward threatened in behind.

The Pole was back between the sticks to deny Sam Vokes a first top-flight goal with a fine one-handed save and that was the cue for Guidolin to call on Sigurdsson.

Not only did his introduction give Swansea fans an excuse to perform the 'Viking Clap' made famous by Iceland during the summer, his free-kick almost crept in as Heaton got down to divert the ball for a corner.

From the resulting set-piece, the visitors should have led. Sigurdsson's corner was flicked on by Cork and Federico Fernandez ghosted in only to stab over from inside the six-yard box.

Time was running out for a winner and though Burnley felt they might have been awarded a penalty when Dean Marney thought he was clipped by Fer, the visitors always looked more likely to grab a goal once Sigurdsson and Jefferson Montero arrived from the bench.

Montero regularly had the beating of Lowton and it was from another of his right-wing crosses that Llorente's header was clawed out by Heaton only for Fer to arrive and roll home.

It proved to be enough to give Swansea the three points, although they were indebted to Fabianski's terrific reaction stop from Marney's deflected effort in stoppage time.

Everton impressed in their first Premier League game under Ronald Koeman but had new goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenburg to thank late on as they drew 1-1 at home with Tottenham.

The hosts went ahead in the fifth minute when Ross Barkley's free-kick, possibly intended as a cross, bounced straight in, and they put in very encouraging, organised performance for the rest of the first half under their new manager.

Mauricio Pochettino's Tottenham had offered little up to then but drew level in the 59th minute courtesy of Erik Lamela's header, and it subsequently took two superb late saves by Stekelenburg on his competitive Everton debut to ensure Spurs did not complete a turnaround as he denied substitute Vincent Janssen and Lamela.

Koeman, appointed in June as successor to Roberto Martinez, had claimed ahead of the game that his players were only at 70 percent of the fitness he wanted.

They did appear to tire as time went on, but certainly there was plenty overall to enthuse the Dutchman here as he looks to revive the Merseysiders after the disappointments of the Martinez era.

Meanwhile, a key concern from the match for Pochettino, who is looking to build on his side's title push last term, will be the condition of their goalkeeper Hugo Lloris after he had to come off in the first half.

Everton appeared full of energy as the contest got under way and swiftly took the lead when Tottenham allowed Barkley's delivery to bounce across the box and into the corner of the net.

It was Spurs who were looking sluggish, with the likes of Harry Kane and Dele Alli - two of five players in the team who, unlike Barkley, had played in England's humiliating Euro 2016 defeat to Iceland - struggling to make much of an impact.

A few days on from selling John Stones, Everton showed the kind of defensive solidity that was rare under Martinez as skipper Phil Jagielka and new signing Idrissa Gueye, amongst others, excelled in blunting Spurs' efforts in attack.

Christian Eriksen did see one strike saved by Stekelenburg, while at the other end Lloris tipped Jagielka's header from another Barkley free-kick over the bar.

Tottenham's frustrations increased in the 35th minute as they were forced to bring Lloris off for Michel Vorm, who then made a smart stop in first-half stoppage time when Gerard Deulofeu - leading the Everton line in the absence of the injured Romelu Lukaku - looked to punish a poor attempt at a backpass from Danny Rose.

Pochettino tried to shake things up for the visitors just over 10 minutes into the second half, bringing on new striker Janssen for Eric Dier - and three minutes later Tottenham were level as Lamela converted Kyle Walker's fine cross.

Ramiro Funes Mori sent a shot whistling wide of Vorm's goal, but it was Spurs who then applied the late pressure as Stekelenburg palmed away a close-range shot from Janssen, saw Eriksen's free-kick go onto the roof of his net and brilliantly tipped away a Lamela effort that deflected off Mason Holgate.

Nathan Redmond grabbed a debut goal as Southampton came from behind to snatch a 1-1 draw in the battle of the new bosses.

Watford chief Walter Mazzarri saw his new side take an early lead thanks to a first Hornets goal for Etienne Capoue.

But Redmond ensured Claude Puel came away with a point from his first game in charge of Southampton, while Watford played the final 15 minutes a man down after Ben Watson's dismissal.

The opening day often throws up the odd surprise and the identity of Watford's goalscorer was certainly one of them.

Despite his attacking tendencies Capoue did not find the net once last season, much to the amusement of his team-mates, but the former Tottenham midfielder took just nine minutes to get off the mark this term.

Southampton's defending was a major strong point under previous boss Ronald Koeman but it was non-existent as Nordin Amrabat lifted a cross towards Troy Deeney at the far post.

Deeney was unmarked as he nodded the ball down towards Capoue, who took advantage of Oriel Romeu's ball-watching to lash his shot past Fraser Forster.

By then Saints would have already been ahead but for a stunning double save from Hornets keeper Heurelho Gomes.

Dusan Tadic rifled in a 20-yard free-kick which was pushed away by the Brazilian, who then got up in time to produce another fine block to prevent a Miguel Britos own-goal.

After Capoue's strike Southampton spent the rest of the first period camped in Watford's half but Shane Long headed a Tadic cross off target and Portugal full-back Cedric Soares had a fierce drive beaten away by Gomes.

After the interval James Ward-Prowse's shot was deflected narrowly wide before Redmond forced Gomes to tip his curling effort inches past the far post.

But from the corner the summer signing from Norwich notched his deserved debut goal.

Gomes came out to punch the cross clear, only to send it looping high in the air towards Redmond who volleyed it straight back past the keeper and into the net.

Watford sub Watson rightly saw red 15 minutes from time after cynically tugging back Long as the striker raced through on goal.

Redmond's afternoon almost got even better with five minutes left when he slotted home what would surely have been the winner, only to be denied by a narrow offside decision.

West Brom began the new Premier League season with a promising 1-0 victory at Crystal Palace.

In their first competitive fixture since it was announced Chinese investor Guochuan Lai had agreed a takeover deal, Salomon Rondon's second-half header proved enough to defeat their uninspiring hosts.

Alan Pardew's Palace had been the more creative team without looking likely to score amid West Brom's fine defending. Their defeat owed largely to the same as so many of those from last season - the lack of a goalscoring threat.

It is little secret Palace's pre-season had been undermined by their players' exploits at Euro 2016.

Yohan Cabaye's involvement in France's run to the final, and Joe Ledley's with semi-finalists Wales, meant both began their 2016/17 preparations late.

Yannick Bolasie - who is reportedly close to concluding a £30million transfer to Everton - joined them on the bench. In their absence, the hosts' creative responsibility was with club-record signing Andros Townsend and Wilfried Zaha.

The latter's presence on the left in a 4-3-3 restricted him throughout the first half, when the £13million Townsend provided little beyond one shot from midfield comfortably saved by Ben Foster.

Rondon had earlier had a threatening eighth-minute header well saved by Wayne Hennessey, fit to start despite also featuring with Wales.

Connor Wickham also sent a close-range shot wide when well-placed from in front of goal, his miss characterising the half's lack of quality in the final third.

Pardew attempted to address that at half-time by switching Townsend and Zaha, and he was almost rewarded immediately.

Chung-yong Lee played Zaha into space with a fine, 51st-minute through-ball which allowed him to use his pace to go one-on-one with Foster. Then his poor decision-making that often undermines his performances - and which may have hampered his time at Manchester United - again reappeared.

One too many touches meant his first shot presented the impressive Foster with a routine save. When the ball came straight back to him he then delayed shooting until his best chance had passed, allowing the diving Foster to save again.

Bolasie replaced Lee - following the warmest of receptions from the home fans - as a 66th-minute substitute. Shortly after, West Brom's James McClean came on for Craig Gardner.

Perhaps seeking McClean's spontaneity, Tony Pulis then watched the winger change the game.

From a 74th-minute right-wing free-kick, he crossed towards Rondon and the striker, under little pressure, comfortably headed beyond Hennessey inside the far post.

Pardew responded by bringing on Cabaye for Jason Puncheon, but at that point the absence of £10million signing James Tomkins seemed more relevant. The defender remains sidelined with a hamstring injury, and his new team will need his return to address that defensive flaw.

In the 79th-minute Bolasie was tripped on the edge of the area but referee Craig Pawson chose to play on.

By then, amid West Brom's organised defending, it had become clear a set-piece was their likeliest chance of a goal.

Diego Costa's late goal helped Chelsea defeat West Ham 2-1 and made Antonio Conte a winner in his debut as manager at Stamford Bridge on Monday.

Eden Hazard's penalty early in the second half had put Chelsea ahead, and Conte's side looked to be in full control until James Collins' equaliser in the 77th minute.

But Costa, who was perhaps fortunate to still be on the pitch after a wild tackle, struck in the 89th minute to give Chelsea all three points.

Chelsea's first chance to take the lead came in the 12th minute as Branislav Ivanovic got forward into the box and cut inside, only for Adrian to make a diving save at the near post.

Oscar then had a penalty shout waved away after going down in the box, and a minute later Diego Costa was booked for confronting referee Anthony Taylor.

Hazard provided Chelsea's best opportunity of the first half when he ran into the box and sent a diagonal shot inches past the far post.

West Ham's Andre Ayew pulled up with an apparent injury on the play and was replaced by fellow new signing Gokhan Tore, before the first half ended with Adrian tipping Willian's free kick over the bar.

But Chelsea were awarded a penalty within a minute of the start of the second half as Michail Antonio bundled into the back of Cesar Azpilicueta.

Eden Hazard made no mistake from the spot, sending a powerful shot down the middle to give Chelsea the lead.

Costa then escaped a second booking when he caught Adrian's leg while trying to dispossess the goalkeeper in his box in the 68th minute.

West Ham never looked like scoring until Collins struck in the 77th minute. The play began when Azpilicueta caught Andy Carroll with a high boot and was booked for dissent, and Dimitri Payet's free kick came off the Chelsea wall for a corner.

The Hammers were shouting for a penalty when Azpilicueta blocked Enner Valencia's volley from close range, but the ball fell for Collins to smash home and level the score.

Like Costa and Azpilicueta before him, Chelsea's N'Golo Kante, who had been booked for a challenge three minutes into the match, also escaped a second yellow card for a challenge on Payet with six minutes to play.

Michy Batshuayi made his Chelsea debut when he came on in the 85th minute, and he proved instrumental in the winner, heading the ball on for Costa, who struck with a low shot from the top of the 18-yard box, much to the delight of his new manager.

